data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/adwaita-icon-theme.pc               adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/adwaita-icon-theme/LICENSE              adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/hand                  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/size_ver              adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/pencil                adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/dot_box_mask          adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/right_ptr             adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/cell                  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/link                  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/size_hor              adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/v_double_arrow        adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/draped_box            adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/bd_double_arrow       adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/copy                  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/dnd-no-drop           adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/size_all              adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/left_side             adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/default               adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/target                adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/d9ce0ab605698f320427677b458ad60b adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/size_bdiag            adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/1081e37283d90000800003c07f3ef6bf adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/028006030e0e7ebffc7f7070c0600140 adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/sb_h_double_arrow     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/right_tee             adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/w-resize              adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/bottom_right_corner   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/ul_angle              adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/question_arrow        adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/14fef782d02440884392942c11205230 adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/dotbox                adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/00008160000006810000408080010102 adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/draft_small           adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/s-resize              adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/zoom-out              adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/left_ptr_help         adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/ne-resize             adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/dnd-ask               adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/sb_v_double_arrow     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/crosshair             adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/top_left_arrow        adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/circle                adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/wait                  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/sb_down_arrow         adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/X_cursor              adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/sb_right_arrow        adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/plus                  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/cross                 adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/n-resize              adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/arrow                 adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/left_tee              adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/ur_angle              adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/2870a09082c103050810ffdffffe0204 adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/watch                 adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/double_arrow          adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/pirate                adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/dnd-copy              adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/lr_angle              adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/se-resize             adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/icon                  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/sb_left_arrow         adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/row-resize            adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/grab                  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/6407b0e94181790501fd1e167b474872 adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/xterm                 adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/help                  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/pointer               adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/diamond_cross         adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/ew-resize             adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/move                  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/h_double_arrow        adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/tcross                adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/col-resize            adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/hand2                 adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/c7088f0f3e6c8088236ef8e1e3e70000 adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/top_tee               adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/fd_double_arrow       adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/bottom_left_corner    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/right_side            adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/top_left_corner       adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/no-drop               adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/left_ptr_watch        adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/zoom-in               adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/640fb0e74195791501fd1ed57b41487f adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/vertical-text         adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/hand1                 adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/nw-resize             adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/e-resize              adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/e29285e634086352946a0e7090d73106 adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/3ecb610c1bf2410f44200f48c40d3599 adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/9d800788f1b08800ae810202380a0822 adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/ll_angle              adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/dnd-link              adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/all-scroll            adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/size_fdiag            adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/left_ptr              adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/08e8e1c95fe2fc01f976f1e063a24ccd adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/nwse-resize           adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/pointer-move          adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/sb_up_arrow           adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/top_side              adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/grabbing              adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/3085a0e285430894940527032f8b26df adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/progress              adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/fleur                 adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/nesw-resize           adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/alias                 adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/9081237383d90e509aa00f00170e968f adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/4498f0e0c1937ffe01fd06f973665830 adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/text                  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/bottom_tee            adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/top_right_corner      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/ns-resize             adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/sw-resize             adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/fcf1c3c7cd4491d801f1e1c78f100000 adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/crossed_circle        adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/draft_large           adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/03b6e0fcb3499374a867c041f52298f0 adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/dnd-none              adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/not-allowed           adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/5c6cd98b3f3ebcb1f9c7f1c204630408 adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/dnd-move              adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/cross_reverse         adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/bottom_side           adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/context-menu          adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/insert-text-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/document-print-preview-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/system-run-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/media-playback-stop-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/edit-redo-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/object-rotate-right-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/value-decrease-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/format-justify-right-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/mail-reply-all-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/format-text-bold-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/format-justify-left-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/document-properties-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/object-flip-horizontal-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/go-next-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/application-exit-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/format-indent-less-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/system-search-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/go-up-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/font-select-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/list-remove-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/mail-mark-notjunk-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/media-playback-start-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/go-last-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/view-paged-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/media-skip-forward-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/zoom-fit-best-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/mail-reply-sender-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/media-skip-backward-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/go-first-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/sidebar-hide-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/format-text-strikethrough-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/go-first-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/format-indent-more-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/view-list-ordered-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/format-justify-fill-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/mark-location-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/document-revert-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/system-log-out-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/view-app-grid-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/edit-clear-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/go-bottom-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/appointment-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/process-stop-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/system-reboot-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/edit-copy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/sidebar-show-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/format-text-direction-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/document-save-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/view-sort-ascending-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/mail-message-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/format-indent-more-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/document-send-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/view-pin-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/object-flip-vertical-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/document-open-recent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/view-refresh-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/value-increase-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/media-eject-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/format-text-italic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/view-grid-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/view-sort-descending-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/mail-forward-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/media-skip-backward-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/view-continuous-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/camera-switch-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/format-justify-center-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/document-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/folder-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/error-correct-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/view-more-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/send-to-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/tab-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/edit-find-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/view-mirror-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/edit-undo-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/call-stop-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/help-about-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/star-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/insert-object-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/media-seek-backward-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/format-text-underline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/go-jump-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/edit-cut-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/insert-link-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/go-last-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/edit-redo-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/find-location-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/view-fullscreen-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/view-list-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/document-edit-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/call-start-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/mail-send-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/media-view-subtitles-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/view-reveal-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/document-page-setup-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/view-restore-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/mail-mark-important-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/edit-delete-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/media-seek-forward-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/document-open-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/view-more-horizontal-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/address-book-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/media-record-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/bookmark-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/go-down-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/list-add-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/zoom-original-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/edit-find-replace-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/edit-clear-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/action-unavailable-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/go-home-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/object-rotate-left-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/go-previous-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/mail-mark-junk-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/contact-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/go-jump-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/insert-image-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/edit-clear-all-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/document-print-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/media-skip-forward-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/media-playback-pause-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/media-seek-forward-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/open-menu-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/edit-select-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/media-playback-start-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/format-indent-less-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/go-top-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/edit-paste-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/format-text-direction-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/list-remove-all-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/view-dual-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/view-conceal-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/edit-select-all-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/document-revert-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/zoom-out-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/go-next-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/system-switch-user-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/media-seek-backward-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/zoom-in-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/document-save-as-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/object-select-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/tools-check-spelling-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/color-select-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/view-list-bullet-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/go-previous-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/mail-send-receive-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/edit-undo-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/actions/system-shutdown-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/mimetypes/x-office-document-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/mimetypes/application-x-addon-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/mimetypes/font-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/mimetypes/application-rss+xml-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/mimetypes/application-x-appliance-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/mimetypes/package-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/mimetypes/application-x-executable-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/mimetypes/audio-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/mimetypes/x-office-presentation-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/mimetypes/video-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/mimetypes/application-certificate-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/mimetypes/x-office-calendar-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/mimetypes/application-x-firmware-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/mimetypes/image-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/mimetypes/x-office-address-book-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/mimetypes/text-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/mimetypes/x-office-drawing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/mimetypes/inode-directory-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/ui/radio-mixed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/ui/pan-end-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/ui/selection-end-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/ui/checkbox-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/ui/focus-windows-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/ui/focus-legacy-systray-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/ui/window-minimize-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/ui/list-drag-handle-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/ui/window-restore-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/ui/pan-start-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/ui/checkbox-mixed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/ui/tab-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/ui/pan-end-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/ui/selection-start-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/ui/window-maximize-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/ui/pan-start-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/ui/selection-start-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/ui/selection-end-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/ui/window-close-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/ui/window-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/ui/radio-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/ui/focus-top-bar-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/ui/radio-checked-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/ui/pan-down-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/ui/pan-up-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/ui/checkbox-checked-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emotes/face-wink-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emotes/face-kiss-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emotes/face-yawn-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emotes/face-shutmouth-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emotes/face-angel-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emotes/face-glasses-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emotes/face-sick-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emotes/face-devilish-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emotes/face-uncertain-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emotes/face-monkey-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emotes/face-crying-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emotes/face-confused-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emotes/face-smile-big-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emotes/face-sad-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emotes/face-angry-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emotes/face-laugh-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emotes/face-tired-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emotes/face-smile-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emotes/emote-love-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emotes/face-embarrassed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emotes/face-surprise-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emotes/face-smirk-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emotes/face-cool-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emotes/face-worried-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emotes/face-raspberry-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emotes/face-plain-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/categories/applications-graphics-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/categories/emoji-travel-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/categories/preferences-other-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/categories/emoji-flags-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/categories/applications-science-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/categories/emoji-objects-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/categories/applications-utilities-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/categories/applications-engineering-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/categories/emoji-recent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/categories/emoji-body-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/categories/emoji-food-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/categories/applications-system-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/categories/applications-multimedia-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/categories/preferences-system-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/categories/emoji-people-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/categories/system-help-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/categories/emoji-symbols-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/categories/applications-games-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/categories/emoji-nature-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/categories/emoji-activities-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/preferences-system-privacy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/preferences-desktop-apps-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/help-browser-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/accessories-calculator-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/system-users-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/utilities-terminal-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/preferences-system-network-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/text-editor-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/preferences-system-devices-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/preferences-system-network-proxy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/help-contents-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/accessories-dictionary-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/preferences-system-time-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/preferences-desktop-wallpaper-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/system-file-manager-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/accessories-text-editor-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/preferences-system-notifications-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/preferences-system-details-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/help-faq-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/preferences-system-search-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/web-browser-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/multimedia-volume-control-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/goa-panel-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/gnome-power-manager-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/preferences-desktop-font-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/preferences-desktop-remote-desktop-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/system-software-install-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/preferences-desktop-accessibility-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/user-info-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/preferences-system-sharing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/preferences-desktop-display-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/accessories-character-map-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/preferences-system-parental-controls-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/applets-screenshooter-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/preferences-desktop-screensaver-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/preferences-color-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/apps/preferences-desktop-locale-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/keyboard-brightness-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/battery-level-30-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/appointment-missed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-cellular-gprs-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/location-services-active-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/mail-read-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-cellular-signal-excellent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/channel-insecure-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/security-low-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-vpn-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/software-update-urgent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/battery-level-0-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/battery-level-10-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/battery-level-100-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/computer-fail-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/airplane-mode-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/location-services-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/battery-missing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/dialog-information-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/dialog-error-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/folder-open-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/changes-allow-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/view-wrapped-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/media-playlist-repeat-song-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/user-idle-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/orientation-portrait-right-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/auth-sim-locked-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-wired-no-route-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-transmit-receive-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/printer-error-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-wireless-offline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/battery-level-80-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/software-update-available-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/touch-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-wired-acquiring-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/media-playlist-repeat-song-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/weather-showers-scattered-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-offline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/weather-clear-night-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/audio-volume-low-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-cellular-offline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/screen-shared-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-wireless-encrypted-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/daytime-sunset-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-no-route-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-wireless-hotspot-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/user-invisible-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/weather-snow-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/starred-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/battery-level-0-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-cellular-signal-good-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/orientation-landscape-inverse-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/media-playlist-shuffle-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/display-brightness-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-wireless-signal-good-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/battery-level-60-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/media-playlist-consecutive-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/bluetooth-active-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/alarm-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/security-medium-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-wired-disconnected-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-wireless-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/touchpad-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-idle-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/call-missed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/battery-level-50-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/orientation-landscape-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/image-loading-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/user-away-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-cellular-3g-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/mail-attachment-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-cellular-signal-none-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/audio-volume-medium-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/battery-level-20-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/notifications-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/battery-level-20-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-cellular-2g-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/weather-few-clouds-night-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/microphone-sensitivity-muted-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/media-playlist-consecutive-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/user-offline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/audio-volume-muted-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/view-wrapped-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/channel-secure-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-transmit-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-wireless-signal-none-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/battery-level-70-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/dialog-password-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/battery-level-40-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/battery-level-100-charged-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/media-playlist-repeat-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/task-past-due-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/user-available-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/user-not-tracked-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-error-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/call-incoming-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/battery-level-60-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-wired-offline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/camera-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/folder-drag-accept-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/weather-severe-alert-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-cellular-4g-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-receive-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/orientation-portrait-left-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/folder-visiting-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/semi-starred-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-wireless-signal-weak-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/dialog-warning-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-cellular-signal-ok-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-wireless-connected-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/weather-showers-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-wireless-no-route-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/daytime-sunrise-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-vpn-acquiring-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-cellular-connected-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-cellular-hspa-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/battery-level-50-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/battery-level-70-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/audio-volume-high-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/mail-replied-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/task-due-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/changes-prevent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/microphone-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/user-busy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-wireless-acquiring-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/battery-level-80-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-wireless-signal-ok-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/avatar-default-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/mail-unread-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/user-status-pending-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/weather-clear-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/dialog-question-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-cellular-no-route-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/media-playlist-shuffle-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-cellular-edge-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/auth-sim-missing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/printer-warning-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/battery-level-90-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/battery-level-40-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/call-outgoing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-vpn-no-route-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/weather-windy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/weather-overcast-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/weather-storm-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/bluetooth-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/microphone-sensitivity-high-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/weather-tornado-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/security-high-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/rotation-locked-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/printer-printing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/semi-starred-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/media-playlist-repeat-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/microphone-sensitivity-medium-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/battery-level-30-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-cellular-signal-weak-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/system-lock-screen-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-wireless-signal-excellent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/user-trash-full-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/non-starred-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/thunderbolt-acquiring-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/battery-level-10-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/battery-level-90-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/network-cellular-acquiring-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/content-loading-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/rotation-allowed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/microphone-sensitivity-low-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/appointment-soon-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/night-light-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/weather-fog-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/audio-volume-overamplified-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/status/weather-few-clouds-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/places/folder-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/places/folder-remote-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/places/folder-download-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/places/folder-saved-search-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/places/user-desktop-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/places/folder-music-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/places/folder-pictures-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/places/folder-templates-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/places/network-server-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/places/user-home-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/places/user-trash-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/places/network-workgroup-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/places/folder-publicshare-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/places/start-here-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/places/folder-videos-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/places/folder-documents-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/places/user-bookmarks-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/printer-network-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/drive-harddisk-usb-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/camera-web-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/media-flash-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/network-wireless-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/battery-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/input-dialpad-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/auth-fingerprint-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/tv-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/network-wired-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/uninterruptible-power-supply-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/display-projector-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/drive-harddisk-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/ac-adapter-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/audio-input-microphone-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/drive-multidisk-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/media-optical-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/input-touchpad-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/input-keyboard-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/video-display-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/modem-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/media-optical-bd-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/phone-old-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/audio-headset-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/camera-video-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/auth-smartcard-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/media-tape-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/video-single-display-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/drive-removable-media-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/input-gaming-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/media-removable-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/media-floppy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/audio-headphones-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/computer-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/printer-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/drive-harddisk-ieee1394-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/network-cellular-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/input-mouse-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/drive-harddisk-solidstate-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/multimedia-player-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/computer-apple-ipad-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/auth-sim-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/audio-card-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/thunderbolt-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/pda-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/media-optical-cd-audio-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/camera-photo-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/scanner-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/multimedia-player-apple-ipod-touch-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/colorimeter-colorhug-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/drive-harddisk-system-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/drive-optical-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/bluetooth-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/media-zip-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/video-joined-displays-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/input-tablet-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/phone-apple-iphone-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/audio-speakers-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/phone-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/devices/media-optical-dvd-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emblems/emblem-documents-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emblems/emblem-photos-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emblems/emblem-music-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emblems/emblem-videos-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emblems/emblem-favorite-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emblems/emblem-important-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emblems/emblem-ok-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emblems/emblem-default-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emblems/emblem-shared-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emblems/emblem-synchronizing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/emblems/emblem-system-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/legacy/battery-good-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/legacy/battery-empty-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/legacy/battery-empty-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/legacy/battery-low-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/legacy/battery-caution-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/legacy/battery-caution-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/legacy/battery-full-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/legacy/battery-full-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/legacy/battery-good-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/legacy/battery-full-charged-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/96x96/legacy/battery-low-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/insert-text-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/document-print-preview-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/system-run-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/media-playback-stop-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/edit-redo-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/object-rotate-right-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/value-decrease-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/format-justify-right-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/mail-reply-all-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/format-text-bold-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/format-justify-left-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/document-properties-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/object-flip-horizontal-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/go-next-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/application-exit-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/format-indent-less-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/system-search-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/go-up-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/font-select-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/list-remove-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/mail-mark-notjunk-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/media-playback-start-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/go-last-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/view-paged-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/media-skip-forward-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/zoom-fit-best-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/mail-reply-sender-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/media-skip-backward-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/go-first-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/sidebar-hide-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/format-text-strikethrough-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/go-first-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/format-indent-more-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/view-list-ordered-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/format-justify-fill-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/mark-location-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/document-revert-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/system-log-out-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/view-app-grid-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/edit-clear-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/go-bottom-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/appointment-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/process-stop-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/system-reboot-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/edit-copy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/sidebar-show-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/format-text-direction-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/document-save-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/view-sort-ascending-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/mail-message-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/format-indent-more-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/document-send-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/view-pin-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/object-flip-vertical-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/document-open-recent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/view-refresh-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/value-increase-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/media-eject-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/format-text-italic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/view-grid-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/view-sort-descending-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/mail-forward-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/media-skip-backward-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/view-continuous-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/camera-switch-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/format-justify-center-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/document-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/folder-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/error-correct-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/view-more-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/send-to-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/tab-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/edit-find-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/view-mirror-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/edit-undo-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/call-stop-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/help-about-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/star-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/insert-object-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/media-seek-backward-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/format-text-underline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/go-jump-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/edit-cut-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/insert-link-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/go-last-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/edit-redo-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/find-location-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/view-fullscreen-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/view-list-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/document-edit-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/call-start-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/mail-send-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/media-view-subtitles-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/view-reveal-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/document-page-setup-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/view-restore-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/mail-mark-important-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/edit-delete-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/media-seek-forward-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/document-open-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/view-more-horizontal-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/address-book-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/media-record-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/bookmark-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/go-down-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/list-add-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/zoom-original-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/edit-find-replace-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/edit-clear-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/action-unavailable-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/go-home-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/object-rotate-left-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/go-previous-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/mail-mark-junk-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/contact-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/go-jump-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/insert-image-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/edit-clear-all-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/document-print-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/media-skip-forward-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/media-playback-pause-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/media-seek-forward-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/open-menu-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/edit-select-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/media-playback-start-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/format-indent-less-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/go-top-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/edit-paste-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/format-text-direction-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/list-remove-all-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/view-dual-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/view-conceal-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/edit-select-all-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/document-revert-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/zoom-out-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/go-next-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/system-switch-user-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/media-seek-backward-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/zoom-in-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/document-save-as-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/object-select-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/tools-check-spelling-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/color-select-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/view-list-bullet-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/go-previous-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/mail-send-receive-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/edit-undo-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/actions/system-shutdown-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/mimetypes/x-office-document-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/mimetypes/application-x-addon-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/mimetypes/font-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/mimetypes/application-rss+xml-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/mimetypes/application-x-appliance-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/mimetypes/package-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/mimetypes/application-x-executable-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/mimetypes/audio-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/mimetypes/x-office-presentation-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/mimetypes/video-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/mimetypes/application-certificate-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/mimetypes/x-office-calendar-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/mimetypes/application-x-firmware-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/mimetypes/image-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/mimetypes/x-office-address-book-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/mimetypes/text-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/mimetypes/x-office-drawing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/mimetypes/inode-directory-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/ui/radio-mixed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/ui/pan-end-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/ui/selection-end-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/ui/checkbox-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/ui/focus-windows-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/ui/focus-legacy-systray-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/ui/window-minimize-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/ui/list-drag-handle-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/ui/window-restore-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/ui/pan-start-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/ui/checkbox-mixed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/ui/tab-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/ui/pan-end-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/ui/selection-start-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/ui/window-maximize-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/ui/pan-start-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/ui/selection-start-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/ui/selection-end-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/ui/window-close-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/ui/window-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/ui/radio-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/ui/focus-top-bar-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/ui/radio-checked-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/ui/pan-down-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/ui/pan-up-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/ui/checkbox-checked-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emotes/face-wink-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emotes/face-kiss-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emotes/face-yawn-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emotes/face-shutmouth-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emotes/face-angel-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emotes/face-glasses-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emotes/face-sick-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emotes/face-devilish-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emotes/face-uncertain-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emotes/face-monkey-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emotes/face-crying-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emotes/face-confused-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emotes/face-smile-big-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emotes/face-sad-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emotes/face-angry-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emotes/face-laugh-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emotes/face-tired-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emotes/face-smile-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emotes/emote-love-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emotes/face-embarrassed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emotes/face-surprise-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emotes/face-smirk-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emotes/face-cool-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emotes/face-worried-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emotes/face-raspberry-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emotes/face-plain-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/categories/applications-graphics-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/categories/emoji-travel-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/categories/preferences-other-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/categories/emoji-flags-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/categories/applications-science-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/categories/emoji-objects-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/categories/applications-utilities-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/categories/applications-engineering-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/categories/emoji-recent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/categories/emoji-body-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/categories/emoji-food-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/categories/applications-system-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/categories/applications-multimedia-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/categories/preferences-system-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/categories/emoji-people-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/categories/system-help-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/categories/emoji-symbols-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/categories/applications-games-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/categories/emoji-nature-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/categories/emoji-activities-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/preferences-system-privacy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/preferences-desktop-apps-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/help-browser-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/accessories-calculator-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/system-users-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/utilities-terminal-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/preferences-system-network-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/text-editor-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/preferences-system-devices-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/preferences-system-network-proxy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/help-contents-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/accessories-dictionary-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/preferences-system-time-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/preferences-desktop-wallpaper-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/system-file-manager-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/accessories-text-editor-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/preferences-system-notifications-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/preferences-system-details-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/help-faq-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/preferences-system-search-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/web-browser-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/multimedia-volume-control-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/goa-panel-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/gnome-power-manager-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/preferences-desktop-font-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/preferences-desktop-remote-desktop-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/system-software-install-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/preferences-desktop-accessibility-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/user-info-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/preferences-system-sharing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/preferences-desktop-display-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/accessories-character-map-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/preferences-system-parental-controls-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/applets-screenshooter-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/preferences-desktop-screensaver-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/preferences-color-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/apps/preferences-desktop-locale-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/keyboard-brightness-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/battery-level-30-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/appointment-missed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-cellular-gprs-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/location-services-active-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/mail-read-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-cellular-signal-excellent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/channel-insecure-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/security-low-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-vpn-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/software-update-urgent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/battery-level-0-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/battery-level-10-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/battery-level-100-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/computer-fail-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/airplane-mode-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/location-services-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/battery-missing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/dialog-information-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/dialog-error-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/folder-open-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/changes-allow-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/view-wrapped-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/media-playlist-repeat-song-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/user-idle-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/orientation-portrait-right-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/auth-sim-locked-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-wired-no-route-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-transmit-receive-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/printer-error-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-wireless-offline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/battery-level-80-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/software-update-available-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/touch-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-wired-acquiring-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/media-playlist-repeat-song-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/weather-showers-scattered-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-offline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/weather-clear-night-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/audio-volume-low-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-cellular-offline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/screen-shared-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-wireless-encrypted-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/daytime-sunset-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-no-route-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-wireless-hotspot-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/user-invisible-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/weather-snow-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/starred-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/battery-level-0-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-cellular-signal-good-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/orientation-landscape-inverse-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/media-playlist-shuffle-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/display-brightness-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-wireless-signal-good-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/battery-level-60-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/media-playlist-consecutive-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/bluetooth-active-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/alarm-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/security-medium-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-wired-disconnected-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-wireless-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/touchpad-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-idle-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/call-missed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/battery-level-50-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/orientation-landscape-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/image-loading-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/user-away-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-cellular-3g-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/mail-attachment-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-cellular-signal-none-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/audio-volume-medium-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/battery-level-20-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/notifications-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/battery-level-20-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-cellular-2g-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/weather-few-clouds-night-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/microphone-sensitivity-muted-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/media-playlist-consecutive-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/user-offline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/audio-volume-muted-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/view-wrapped-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/channel-secure-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-transmit-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-wireless-signal-none-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/battery-level-70-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/dialog-password-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/battery-level-40-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/battery-level-100-charged-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/media-playlist-repeat-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/task-past-due-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/user-available-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/user-not-tracked-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-error-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/call-incoming-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/battery-level-60-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-wired-offline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/camera-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/folder-drag-accept-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/weather-severe-alert-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-cellular-4g-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-receive-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/orientation-portrait-left-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/folder-visiting-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/semi-starred-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-wireless-signal-weak-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/dialog-warning-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-cellular-signal-ok-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-wireless-connected-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/weather-showers-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-wireless-no-route-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/daytime-sunrise-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-vpn-acquiring-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-cellular-connected-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-cellular-hspa-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/battery-level-50-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/battery-level-70-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/audio-volume-high-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/mail-replied-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/task-due-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/changes-prevent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/microphone-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/user-busy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-wireless-acquiring-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/battery-level-80-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-wireless-signal-ok-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/avatar-default-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/mail-unread-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/user-status-pending-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/weather-clear-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/dialog-question-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-cellular-no-route-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/media-playlist-shuffle-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-cellular-edge-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/auth-sim-missing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/printer-warning-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/battery-level-90-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/battery-level-40-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/call-outgoing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-vpn-no-route-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/weather-windy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/weather-overcast-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/weather-storm-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/bluetooth-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/microphone-sensitivity-high-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/weather-tornado-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/security-high-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/rotation-locked-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/printer-printing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/semi-starred-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/media-playlist-repeat-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/microphone-sensitivity-medium-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/battery-level-30-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-cellular-signal-weak-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/system-lock-screen-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-wireless-signal-excellent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/user-trash-full-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/non-starred-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/thunderbolt-acquiring-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/battery-level-10-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/battery-level-90-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/network-cellular-acquiring-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/content-loading-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/rotation-allowed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/microphone-sensitivity-low-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/appointment-soon-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/night-light-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/weather-fog-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/audio-volume-overamplified-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/status/weather-few-clouds-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/places/folder-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/places/folder-remote-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/places/folder-download-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/places/folder-saved-search-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/places/user-desktop-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/places/folder-music-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/places/folder-pictures-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/places/folder-templates-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/places/network-server-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/places/user-home-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/places/user-trash-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/places/network-workgroup-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/places/folder-publicshare-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/places/start-here-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/places/folder-videos-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/places/folder-documents-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/places/user-bookmarks-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/printer-network-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/drive-harddisk-usb-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/camera-web-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/media-flash-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/network-wireless-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/battery-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/input-dialpad-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/auth-fingerprint-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/tv-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/network-wired-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/uninterruptible-power-supply-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/display-projector-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/drive-harddisk-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/ac-adapter-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/audio-input-microphone-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/drive-multidisk-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/media-optical-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/input-touchpad-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/input-keyboard-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/video-display-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/modem-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/media-optical-bd-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/phone-old-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/audio-headset-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/camera-video-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/auth-smartcard-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/media-tape-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/video-single-display-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/drive-removable-media-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/input-gaming-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/media-removable-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/media-floppy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/audio-headphones-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/computer-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/printer-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/drive-harddisk-ieee1394-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/network-cellular-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/input-mouse-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/drive-harddisk-solidstate-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/multimedia-player-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/computer-apple-ipad-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/auth-sim-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/audio-card-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/thunderbolt-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/pda-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/media-optical-cd-audio-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/camera-photo-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/scanner-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/multimedia-player-apple-ipod-touch-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/colorimeter-colorhug-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/drive-harddisk-system-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/drive-optical-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/bluetooth-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/media-zip-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/video-joined-displays-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/input-tablet-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/phone-apple-iphone-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/audio-speakers-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/phone-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/devices/media-optical-dvd-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emblems/emblem-documents-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emblems/emblem-photos-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emblems/emblem-music-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emblems/emblem-videos-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emblems/emblem-favorite-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emblems/emblem-important-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emblems/emblem-ok-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emblems/emblem-default-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emblems/emblem-shared-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emblems/emblem-synchronizing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/emblems/emblem-system-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/legacy/battery-good-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/legacy/battery-empty-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/legacy/battery-empty-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/legacy/battery-low-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/legacy/battery-caution-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/legacy/battery-caution-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/legacy/battery-full-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/legacy/battery-full-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/legacy/battery-good-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/legacy/battery-full-charged-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/64x64/legacy/battery-low-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/8x8/emblems/emblem-synchronizing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/8x8/emblems/emblem-symbolic-link.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/8x8/emblems/emblem-unreadable.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/8x8/emblems/emblem-readonly.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/8x8/emblems/emblem-shared.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/8x8/legacy/emblem-synchronizing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/8x8/legacy/emblem-default.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/8x8/legacy/emblem-new.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/document-print-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/media-playback-pause-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/star-new-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/document-open-recent-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/insert-link-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/format-justify-right-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/go-last-symbolic-rtl.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/document-revert-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/media-skip-forward-symbolic-rtl.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/media-playback-start-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/object-rotate-left-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/mail-mark-important-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/object-flip-vertical-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/system-search-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/edit-find-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/list-add-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/format-text-italic-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/system-reboot-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/format-indent-less-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/format-justify-left-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/system-switch-user-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/media-seek-backward-symbolic-rtl.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/format-indent-more-symbolic-rtl.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/insert-text-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/document-save-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/sidebar-show-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/format-text-direction-symbolic-rtl.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/media-seek-forward-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/format-text-strikethrough-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/go-jump-symbolic-rtl.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/view-conceal-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/edit-clear-all-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/mail-mark-notjunk-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/view-fullscreen-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/document-open-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/format-text-direction-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/font-select-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/zoom-original-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/folder-new-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/format-indent-less-symbolic-rtl.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/mail-send-receive-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/mail-reply-all-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/view-more-horizontal-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/address-book-new-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/edit-find-replace-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/go-top-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/go-next-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/action-unavailable-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/format-justify-fill-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/call-start-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/value-decrease-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/contact-new-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/zoom-fit-best-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/go-jump-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/edit-copy-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/tools-check-spelling-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/mark-location-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/view-sort-descending-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/list-remove-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/mail-reply-sender-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/media-playback-start-symbolic-rtl.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/go-last-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/view-reveal-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/media-view-subtitles-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/document-edit-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/go-previous-symbolic-rtl.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/view-dual-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/media-skip-backward-symbolic-rtl.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/appointment-new-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/call-stop-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/media-skip-forward-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/edit-cut-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/mail-send-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/media-eject-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/document-revert-symbolic-rtl.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/view-list-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/go-down-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/view-sort-ascending-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/process-stop-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/zoom-out-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/system-shutdown-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/open-menu-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/view-app-grid-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/go-home-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/view-paged-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/go-next-symbolic-rtl.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/view-pin-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/error-correct-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/format-text-bold-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/find-location-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/send-to-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/mail-message-new-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/document-new-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/camera-switch-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/zoom-in-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/edit-select-all-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/bookmark-new-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/insert-image-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/system-run-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/value-increase-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/media-seek-backward-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/view-continuous-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/go-previous-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/insert-object-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/edit-select-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/view-grid-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/format-justify-center-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/view-refresh-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/view-more-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/edit-undo-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/edit-paste-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/application-exit-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/tab-new-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/edit-clear-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/media-seek-forward-symbolic-rtl.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/object-select-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/mail-forward-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/view-list-ordered-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/document-send-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/format-text-underline-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/go-first-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/help-about-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/media-record-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/view-list-bullet-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/mail-mark-junk-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/list-remove-all-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/edit-redo-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/object-flip-horizontal-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/media-skip-backward-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/edit-clear-symbolic-rtl.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/edit-undo-symbolic-rtl.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/edit-delete-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/sidebar-hide-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/go-up-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/document-page-setup-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/document-properties-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/document-save-as-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/go-first-symbolic-rtl.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/system-log-out-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/view-mirror-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/media-playback-stop-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/object-rotate-right-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/go-bottom-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/document-print-preview-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/view-restore-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/edit-redo-symbolic-rtl.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/format-indent-more-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/actions/color-select-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-generic-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/mimetypes/application-certificate-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-executable-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/mimetypes/x-office-drawing-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/mimetypes/x-office-calendar-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/mimetypes/audio-x-generic-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-addon-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/mimetypes/image-x-generic-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-appliance-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/mimetypes/application-rss+xml-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/mimetypes/x-office-presentation-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/mimetypes/video-x-generic-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-firmware-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/mimetypes/x-office-document-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/mimetypes/package-x-generic-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/mimetypes/font-x-generic-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/mimetypes/inode-directory-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/mimetypes/x-office-address-book-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/ui/radio-checked-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/ui/window-close-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/ui/pan-down-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/ui/focus-windows-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/ui/pan-start-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/ui/radio-mixed-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/ui/selection-end-symbolic-rtl.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/ui/window-restore-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/ui/window-maximize-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/ui/window-minimize-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/ui/checkbox-checked-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/ui/checkbox-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/ui/window-new-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/ui/pan-end-symbolic-rtl.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/ui/selection-start-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/ui/focus-top-bar-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/ui/radio-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/ui/checkbox-mixed-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/ui/selection-start-symbolic-rtl.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/ui/tab-new-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/ui/pan-up-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/ui/focus-legacy-systray-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/ui/list-drag-handle-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/ui/pan-start-symbolic-rtl.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/ui/selection-end-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/ui/pan-end-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emotes/face-angel-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emotes/face-smile-big-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emotes/face-confused-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emotes/face-sad-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emotes/face-shutmouth-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emotes/face-laugh-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emotes/face-monkey-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emotes/face-uncertain-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emotes/face-surprise-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emotes/face-wink-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emotes/face-kiss-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emotes/face-devilish-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emotes/face-glasses-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emotes/face-smirk-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emotes/emote-love-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emotes/face-sick-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emotes/face-angry-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emotes/face-crying-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emotes/face-embarrassed-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emotes/face-cool-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emotes/face-smile-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emotes/face-yawn-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emotes/face-plain-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emotes/face-raspberry-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emotes/face-tired-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emotes/face-worried-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/categories/emoji-symbols-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/categories/applications-multimedia-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/categories/emoji-activities-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/categories/applications-engineering-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/categories/emoji-travel-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/categories/preferences-system-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/categories/emoji-food-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/categories/applications-science-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/categories/emoji-nature-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/categories/applications-graphics-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/categories/applications-system-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/categories/applications-games-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/categories/emoji-objects-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/categories/preferences-other-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/categories/system-help-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/categories/emoji-flags-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/categories/emoji-recent-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/categories/emoji-people-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/categories/applications-utilities-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/categories/emoji-body-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-locale-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/accessories-text-editor-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/user-info-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-apps-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/multimedia-volume-control-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/utilities-terminal-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/goa-panel-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-display-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-font-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/preferences-system-time-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/accessories-calculator-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/preferences-color-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-screensaver-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/help-faq-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-wallpaper-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/preferences-system-sharing-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/help-browser-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/system-users-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/preferences-system-devices-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-accessibility-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/preferences-system-privacy-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/help-contents-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-remote-desktop-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/system-file-manager-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/preferences-system-search-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/accessories-dictionary-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-proxy-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/web-browser-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/applets-screenshooter-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/gnome-power-manager-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/preferences-system-parental-controls-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/preferences-system-notifications-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/accessories-character-map-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/preferences-system-details-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/text-editor-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps/system-software-install-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-no-route-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/orientation-landscape-inverse-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/location-services-disabled-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/orientation-portrait-left-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/battery-level-80-charging-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-error-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/user-trash-full-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/audio-volume-overamplified-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/dialog-error-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/mail-read-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/battery-level-90-charging-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/semi-starred-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/user-idle-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-wired-offline-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/weather-severe-alert-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/keyboard-brightness-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-vpn-no-route-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-cellular-edge-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/user-invisible-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/security-low-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/user-not-tracked-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/printer-warning-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/non-starred-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-transmit-receive-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-wireless-connected-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/auth-sim-locked-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/battery-missing-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/mail-unread-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/mail-attachment-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-cellular-signal-excellent-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/screen-shared-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/user-busy-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/battery-level-40-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-wireless-encrypted-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/user-available-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-wireless-signal-none-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/battery-level-0-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/printer-error-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/weather-overcast-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/battery-level-10-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/dialog-information-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-cellular-4g-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/battery-level-60-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-cellular-2g-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/bluetooth-disabled-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/microphone-sensitivity-medium-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-cellular-connected-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/rotation-locked-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/folder-visiting-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-cellular-gprs-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/media-playlist-consecutive-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/weather-fog-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/view-wrapped-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/changes-allow-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/camera-disabled-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/dialog-password-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-wired-disconnected-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/media-playlist-repeat-song-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/dialog-question-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/microphone-disabled-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/battery-level-90-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/semi-starred-symbolic-rtl.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-cellular-no-route-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/night-light-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/audio-volume-medium-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-cellular-signal-good-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/battery-level-20-charging-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-wireless-signal-excellent-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/channel-secure-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/security-high-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/folder-open-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/rotation-allowed-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/avatar-default-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-wireless-disabled-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/image-loading-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/call-incoming-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/location-services-active-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-wireless-signal-good-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-cellular-hspa-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/appointment-soon-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/battery-level-50-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/dialog-warning-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/battery-level-0-charging-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/daytime-sunset-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/auth-sim-missing-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/microphone-sensitivity-high-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/audio-volume-high-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/weather-clear-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/media-playlist-shuffle-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/changes-prevent-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/folder-drag-accept-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/call-outgoing-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/security-medium-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/battery-level-40-charging-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/user-away-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/microphone-sensitivity-muted-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/battery-level-100-charged-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-wired-no-route-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/battery-level-10-charging-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/battery-level-70-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-transmit-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/weather-snow-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-wireless-signal-ok-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/appointment-missed-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-cellular-3g-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-cellular-signal-ok-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-vpn-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/touch-disabled-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/media-playlist-repeat-symbolic-rtl.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/system-lock-screen-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/battery-level-20-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/content-loading-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/channel-insecure-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/task-past-due-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/battery-level-70-charging-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-wireless-offline-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/bluetooth-active-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/battery-level-80-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-cellular-acquiring-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/battery-level-50-charging-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/task-due-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/touchpad-disabled-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/weather-storm-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/media-playlist-shuffle-symbolic-rtl.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/battery-level-30-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/software-update-urgent-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/starred-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/software-update-available-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-offline-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/orientation-landscape-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/media-playlist-repeat-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-cellular-signal-weak-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-receive-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/audio-volume-low-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-vpn-acquiring-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/battery-level-60-charging-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/weather-showers-scattered-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/computer-fail-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/thunderbolt-acquiring-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/call-missed-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/weather-showers-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-wireless-no-route-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/notifications-disabled-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/weather-windy-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/user-offline-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-wireless-hotspot-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-wireless-acquiring-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/mail-replied-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/microphone-sensitivity-low-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/orientation-portrait-right-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-wired-acquiring-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/media-playlist-repeat-song-symbolic-rtl.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/battery-level-30-charging-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/audio-volume-muted-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-cellular-offline-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/alarm-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/user-status-pending-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/battery-level-100-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/daytime-sunrise-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/media-playlist-consecutive-symbolic-rtl.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/view-wrapped-symbolic-rtl.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-idle-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-cellular-signal-none-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/printer-printing-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/airplane-mode-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/weather-tornado-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/display-brightness-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/status/network-wireless-signal-weak-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/places/folder-remote-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/places/folder-saved-search-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/places/user-desktop-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/places/user-bookmarks-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/places/user-trash-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/places/folder-download-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/places/folder-music-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/places/folder-publicshare-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/places/network-workgroup-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/places/user-home-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/places/folder-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/places/folder-documents-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/places/folder-templates-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/places/folder-pictures-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/places/folder-videos-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/places/start-here-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/places/network-server-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/drive-removable-media-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/input-gaming-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/auth-smartcard-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/auth-sim-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/input-keyboard-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/video-joined-displays-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/drive-harddisk-system-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/input-touchpad-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/camera-video-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/battery-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/display-projector-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/drive-multidisk-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/media-zip-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/audio-card-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/media-tape-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/media-optical-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/drive-harddisk-ieee1394-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/media-optical-bd-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/tv-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/drive-harddisk-solidstate-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/camera-web-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/thunderbolt-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/network-wired-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/phone-apple-iphone-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/multimedia-player-apple-ipod-touch-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/audio-headset-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/multimedia-player-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/network-cellular-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/modem-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/pda-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/phone-old-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/drive-harddisk-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/scanner-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/drive-optical-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/ac-adapter-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/network-wireless-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/audio-speakers-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/video-display-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/uninterruptible-power-supply-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/computer-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/video-single-display-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/media-flash-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/bluetooth-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/media-removable-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/camera-photo-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/printer-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/input-mouse-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/computer-apple-ipad-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/audio-input-microphone-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/colorimeter-colorhug-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/phone-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/input-tablet-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/input-dialpad-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/media-floppy-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/media-optical-cd-audio-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/drive-harddisk-usb-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/audio-headphones-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/auth-fingerprint-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/media-optical-dvd-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/devices/printer-network-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emblems/emblem-ok-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emblems/emblem-shared-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emblems/emblem-documents-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emblems/emblem-music-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emblems/emblem-system-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emblems/emblem-important-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emblems/emblem-default-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emblems/emblem-synchronizing-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emblems/emblem-photos-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emblems/emblem-videos-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/emblems/emblem-favorite-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/legacy/battery-good-charging-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/legacy/battery-full-charged-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/legacy/battery-empty-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/legacy/battery-low-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/legacy/battery-good-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/legacy/battery-caution-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/legacy/battery-full-charging-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/legacy/battery-full-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/legacy/battery-low-charging-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/legacy/battery-caution-charging-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/legacy/battery-empty-charging-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/insert-text-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/document-print-preview-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/system-run-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/media-playback-stop-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/edit-redo-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/object-rotate-right-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/value-decrease-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/format-justify-right-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/mail-reply-all-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/format-text-bold-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/format-justify-left-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/document-properties-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/object-flip-horizontal-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/go-next-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/application-exit-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/format-indent-less-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/system-search-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/go-up-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/font-select-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/list-remove-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/mail-mark-notjunk-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/media-playback-start-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/go-last-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/view-paged-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/media-skip-forward-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/zoom-fit-best-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/mail-reply-sender-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/media-skip-backward-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/go-first-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/sidebar-hide-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/format-text-strikethrough-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/go-first-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/format-indent-more-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/view-list-ordered-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/format-justify-fill-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/mark-location-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/document-revert-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/system-log-out-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/view-app-grid-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/edit-clear-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/go-bottom-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/appointment-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/process-stop-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/system-reboot-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/edit-copy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/sidebar-show-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/format-text-direction-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/document-save-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/view-sort-ascending-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/mail-message-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/format-indent-more-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/document-send-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/view-pin-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/object-flip-vertical-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/document-open-recent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/view-refresh-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/value-increase-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/media-eject-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/format-text-italic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/view-grid-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/view-sort-descending-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/mail-forward-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/media-skip-backward-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/view-continuous-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/camera-switch-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/format-justify-center-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/document-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/folder-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/error-correct-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/view-more-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/send-to-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/tab-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/edit-find-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/view-mirror-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/edit-undo-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/call-stop-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/help-about-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/star-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/insert-object-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/media-seek-backward-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/format-text-underline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/go-jump-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/edit-cut-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/insert-link-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/go-last-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/edit-redo-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/find-location-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/view-fullscreen-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/view-list-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/document-edit-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/call-start-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/mail-send-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/media-view-subtitles-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/view-reveal-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/document-page-setup-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/view-restore-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/mail-mark-important-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/edit-delete-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/media-seek-forward-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/document-open-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/view-more-horizontal-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/address-book-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/media-record-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/bookmark-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/go-down-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/list-add-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/zoom-original-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/edit-find-replace-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/edit-clear-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/action-unavailable-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/go-home-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/object-rotate-left-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/go-previous-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/mail-mark-junk-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/contact-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/go-jump-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/insert-image-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/edit-clear-all-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/document-print-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/media-skip-forward-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/media-playback-pause-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/media-seek-forward-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/open-menu-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/edit-select-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/media-playback-start-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/format-indent-less-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/go-top-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/edit-paste-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/format-text-direction-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/list-remove-all-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/view-dual-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/view-conceal-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/edit-select-all-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/document-revert-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/zoom-out-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/go-next-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/system-switch-user-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/media-seek-backward-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/zoom-in-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/document-save-as-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/object-select-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/tools-check-spelling-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/color-select-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/view-list-bullet-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/go-previous-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/mail-send-receive-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/edit-undo-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/actions/system-shutdown-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/x-office-drawing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/x-office-drawing-template.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/x-office-document-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/application-x-addon-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/font-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/application-rss+xml-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/x-office-address-book.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/application-x-appliance-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/text-x-script.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/x-office-presentation.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/package-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/application-certificate.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/application-x-executable-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/x-office-calendar.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/audio-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/text-x-preview.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/x-office-document.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/text-html.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/x-office-presentation-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet-template.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/x-office-document-template.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/video-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/application-certificate-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/x-office-presentation-template.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/application-x-addon.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/image-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/x-package-repository.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/font-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/x-office-calendar-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/application-x-firmware.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/package-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/application-x-executable.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/text-x-generic-template.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/application-x-firmware-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/inode-directory.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/image-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/x-office-address-book-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/video-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/text-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/x-office-drawing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/text-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/inode-directory-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/mimetypes/audio-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/ui/radio-mixed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/ui/pan-end-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/ui/selection-end-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/ui/checkbox-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/ui/focus-windows-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/ui/focus-legacy-systray-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/ui/window-minimize-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/ui/list-drag-handle-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/ui/window-restore-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/ui/pan-start-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/ui/checkbox-mixed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/ui/tab-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/ui/pan-end-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/ui/selection-start-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/ui/window-maximize-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/ui/pan-start-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/ui/selection-start-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/ui/selection-end-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/ui/window-close-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/ui/window-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/ui/radio-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/ui/focus-top-bar-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/ui/radio-checked-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/ui/pan-down-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/ui/pan-up-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/ui/checkbox-checked-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emotes/face-wink-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emotes/face-kiss-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emotes/face-yawn-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emotes/face-shutmouth-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emotes/face-angel-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emotes/face-glasses-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emotes/face-sick-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emotes/face-devilish-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emotes/face-uncertain-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emotes/face-monkey-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emotes/face-crying-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emotes/face-confused-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emotes/face-smile-big-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emotes/face-sad-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emotes/face-angry-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emotes/face-laugh-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emotes/face-tired-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emotes/face-smile-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emotes/emote-love-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emotes/face-embarrassed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emotes/face-surprise-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emotes/face-smirk-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emotes/face-cool-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emotes/face-worried-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emotes/face-raspberry-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emotes/face-plain-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/categories/applications-graphics-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/categories/emoji-travel-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/categories/preferences-other-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/categories/emoji-flags-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/categories/applications-science-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/categories/emoji-objects-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/categories/applications-utilities-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/categories/applications-engineering-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/categories/emoji-recent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/categories/emoji-body-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/categories/emoji-food-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/categories/applications-system-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/categories/applications-multimedia-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/categories/preferences-system-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/categories/emoji-people-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/categories/system-help-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/categories/emoji-symbols-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/categories/applications-games-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/categories/emoji-nature-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/categories/emoji-activities-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/preferences-system-privacy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/preferences-desktop-apps-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/help-browser-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/accessories-calculator-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/system-users-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/utilities-terminal-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/preferences-system-network-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/text-editor-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/preferences-system-devices-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/preferences-system-network-proxy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/help-contents-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/accessories-dictionary-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/preferences-system-time-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/preferences-desktop-wallpaper-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/system-file-manager-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/accessories-text-editor-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/preferences-system-notifications-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/preferences-system-details-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/help-faq-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/preferences-system-search-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/web-browser-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/multimedia-volume-control-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/goa-panel-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/gnome-power-manager-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/preferences-desktop-font-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/preferences-desktop-remote-desktop-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/system-software-install-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/preferences-desktop-accessibility-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/user-info-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/preferences-system-sharing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/preferences-desktop-display-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/accessories-character-map-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/preferences-system-parental-controls-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/applets-screenshooter-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/preferences-desktop-screensaver-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/preferences-color-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/apps/preferences-desktop-locale-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/keyboard-brightness-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/battery-level-30-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/appointment-missed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-cellular-gprs-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/location-services-active-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/mail-read-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-cellular-signal-excellent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/channel-insecure-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/security-low-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-vpn-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/software-update-urgent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/battery-level-0-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/battery-level-10-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/battery-level-100-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/computer-fail-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/airplane-mode-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/location-services-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/battery-missing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/dialog-information-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/dialog-error-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/folder-open-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/changes-allow-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/view-wrapped-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/media-playlist-repeat-song-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/user-idle-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/orientation-portrait-right-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/auth-sim-locked-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-wired-no-route-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-transmit-receive-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/printer-error-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-wireless-offline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/battery-level-80-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/software-update-available-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/touch-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-wired-acquiring-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/media-playlist-repeat-song-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/weather-showers-scattered-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-offline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/audio-volume-low-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-cellular-offline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/screen-shared-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-wireless-encrypted-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/daytime-sunset-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-no-route-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-wireless-hotspot-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/user-invisible-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/weather-snow-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/starred-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/battery-level-0-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-cellular-signal-good-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/orientation-landscape-inverse-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/media-playlist-shuffle-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/user-trash-full.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/display-brightness-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-wireless-signal-good-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/battery-level-60-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/media-playlist-consecutive-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/bluetooth-active-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/alarm-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/security-medium-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-wired-disconnected-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-wireless-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/touchpad-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-idle-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/call-missed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/battery-level-50-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/orientation-landscape-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/image-loading-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/user-away-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-cellular-3g-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/mail-attachment-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-cellular-signal-none-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/image-loading.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/audio-volume-medium-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/battery-level-20-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/notifications-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/battery-level-20-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-cellular-2g-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/microphone-sensitivity-muted-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/media-playlist-consecutive-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/user-offline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/audio-volume-muted-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/view-wrapped-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/channel-secure-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-transmit-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-wireless-signal-none-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/battery-level-70-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/dialog-password-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/avatar-default.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/battery-level-40-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/battery-level-100-charged-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/media-playlist-repeat-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/task-past-due-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/user-available-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/user-not-tracked-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-error-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/call-incoming-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/battery-level-60-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-wired-offline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/camera-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/folder-drag-accept-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/weather-severe-alert-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-cellular-4g-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-receive-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/orientation-portrait-left-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/folder-visiting-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/semi-starred-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-wireless-signal-weak-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/dialog-warning-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-cellular-signal-ok-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-wireless-connected-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/weather-showers-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-wireless-no-route-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/daytime-sunrise-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-vpn-acquiring-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-cellular-connected-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-cellular-hspa-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/battery-level-50-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/battery-level-70-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/audio-volume-high-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/mail-replied-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/task-due-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/changes-prevent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/microphone-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/user-busy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-wireless-acquiring-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/battery-level-80-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-wireless-signal-ok-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/avatar-default-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/mail-unread-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/user-status-pending-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/weather-clear-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/dialog-question-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-cellular-no-route-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/media-playlist-shuffle-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-cellular-edge-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/auth-sim-missing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/printer-warning-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/battery-level-90-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/image-missing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/battery-level-40-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/call-outgoing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-vpn-no-route-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/weather-windy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/weather-overcast-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/weather-storm-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/bluetooth-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/microphone-sensitivity-high-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/weather-tornado-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/security-high-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/rotation-locked-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/printer-printing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/semi-starred-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/media-playlist-repeat-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/microphone-sensitivity-medium-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/battery-level-30-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-cellular-signal-weak-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/system-lock-screen-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-wireless-signal-excellent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/user-trash-full-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/non-starred-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/thunderbolt-acquiring-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/battery-level-10-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/battery-level-90-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/network-cellular-acquiring-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/content-loading-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/rotation-allowed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/microphone-sensitivity-low-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/appointment-soon-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/night-light-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/weather-fog-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/audio-volume-overamplified-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/folder-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/folder-documents.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/folder-remote-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/user-trash.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/folder-download-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/folder-pictures.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/folder-drag-accept.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/folder-saved-search-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/folder-videos.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/user-desktop-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/folder-remote.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/folder-music-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/folder-pictures-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/folder-templates.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/folder-download.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/folder-templates-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/network-server-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/user-home-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/user-trash-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/folder-publicshare.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/network-workgroup-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/folder-publicshare-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/start-here-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/folder-videos-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/network-workgroup.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/user-home.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/folder-saved-search.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/user-bookmarks.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/folder-music.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/network-server.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/folder-documents-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/folder.png       adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/folder-open.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/user-desktop.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/start-here.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/places/user-bookmarks-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/printer-network-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/drive-harddisk-usb-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/camera-web-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/media-flash-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/network-wireless-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/battery-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/input-dialpad-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/auth-fingerprint-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/tv-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/network-wired-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/uninterruptible-power-supply-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/display-projector-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/drive-harddisk-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/ac-adapter-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/audio-input-microphone-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/drive-multidisk-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/printer-network.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/media-optical-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/input-touchpad-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/input-keyboard-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/video-display-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/modem-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/media-optical-bd-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/phone-old-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/audio-headset-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/camera-video-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/printer.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/auth-smartcard-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/media-tape-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/video-single-display-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/computer.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/drive-harddisk.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/drive-removable-media.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/drive-removable-media-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/input-gaming-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/media-removable-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/media-floppy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/audio-headphones-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/computer-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/printer-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/drive-harddisk-ieee1394-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/network-cellular-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/input-mouse-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/drive-harddisk-solidstate-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/multimedia-player-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/computer-apple-ipad-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/auth-sim-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/audio-headset.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/audio-card-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/thunderbolt-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/pda-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/media-optical-cd-audio-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/audio-headphones.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/camera-photo-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/scanner-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/multimedia-player-apple-ipod-touch-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/colorimeter-colorhug-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/drive-harddisk-system-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/drive-optical-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/bluetooth-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/media-zip-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/video-joined-displays-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/media-optical.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/input-tablet-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/phone-apple-iphone-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/audio-speakers-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/phone-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/devices/media-optical-dvd-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emblems/emblem-documents-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emblems/emblem-photos-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emblems/emblem-music-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emblems/emblem-synchronizing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emblems/emblem-videos-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emblems/emblem-symbolic-link.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emblems/emblem-unreadable.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emblems/emblem-favorite-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emblems/emblem-readonly.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emblems/emblem-important-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emblems/emblem-ok-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emblems/emblem-default-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emblems/emblem-shared-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emblems/emblem-synchronizing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emblems/emblem-shared.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/emblems/emblem-system-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/media-seek-forward-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/media-playback-start.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/security-low.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/edit-copy.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/mail-send.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/face-wink.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/face-raspberry.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/mail-message-new.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/applications-office.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/web-browser.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/preferences-desktop-personal.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/applications-internet.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/network-wireless-encrypted.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/preferences-system-windows.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/system-lock-screen.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/camera-video.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/face-glasses.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/applications-system.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/media-playlist-shuffle.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/preferences-desktop-peripherals.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/weather-severe-alert.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/face-plain.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/semi-starred-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/network-wired.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/mail-send-receive.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/edit-clear-all.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/battery-caution-charging.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/edit-redo-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/emblem-package.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/object-rotate-left.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/battery-good-charging.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/go-top.png       adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/preferences-desktop-remote-desktop.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/user-away.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/document-revert.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/media-skip-backward.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/mark-location.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/view-sort-descending.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/media-record.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/media-tape.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/input-dialpad.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/battery-full-charging.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/battery-full-charged.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/face-smile.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/preferences-desktop-keyboard.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/user-offline.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/microphone-sensitivity-low.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/accessories-text-editor.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/network-offline.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/preferences-system-sharing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/battery-good-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/weather-fog.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/mail-mark-important.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/format-text-italic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/applets-screenshooter.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/drive-multidisk.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/network-cellular-connected.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/weather-clear.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/face-angel.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/format-text-direction-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/user-idle.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/format-text-underline.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/dialog-error.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/media-eject.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/audio-volume-high.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/face-cool.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/network-idle.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/format-text-bold.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/document-properties.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/mail-signed-verified.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/input-mouse.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/battery-empty-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/format-justify-left.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/media-playlist-repeat.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/microphone-sensitivity-high.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/document-send.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/bookmark-new.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/mail-replied.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/battery-empty-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/user-available.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/preferences-system.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/weather-storm.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/format-indent-less.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/applications-graphics.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/emblem-mail.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/uninterruptible-power-supply.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/face-sad.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/call-stop.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/emblem-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/battery-low-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/media-skip-forward.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/address-book-new.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/battery-low-charging.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/format-text-direction-ltr.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/battery-caution-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/go-first.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/face-tired.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/format-indent-more-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/battery-caution-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/preferences-desktop-display.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/help-about.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/trophy-gold.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/edit-redo.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/insert-link.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/preferences-system-network.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/battery-full-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/insert-image.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/changes-allow.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/zoom-out.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/mail-mark-unread.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/weather-showers.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/network-error.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/system-users.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/scanner.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/preferences-system-search.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/face-sick.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/applications-science.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/video-display.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/input-touchpad.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/edit-clear.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/face-laugh.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/edit-undo.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/object-flip-vertical.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/media-skip-forward-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/weather-overcast.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/preferences-system-privacy.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/face-smirk.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/dialog-warning.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/system-software-install.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/audio-volume-muted.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/object-rotate-right.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/mail-unread.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/network-wired-disconnected.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/printer-printing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/document-open-recent.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/computer.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/battery-missing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/emblem-downloads.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/drive-optical.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/mail-read.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/object-flip-horizontal.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/contact-new.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/emblem-default.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/go-next.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/appointment-new.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/mail-forward.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/system-software-update.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/audio-card.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/go-first-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/tools-check-spelling.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/insert-object.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/security-medium.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/network-receive.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/applications-games.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/media-playback-pause.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/user-info.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/system-log-out.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/media-removable.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/applications-development.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/camera-web.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/document-print.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/go-previous-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/insert-text.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/go-last-rtl.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/mail-mark-read.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/format-justify-fill.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/edit-cut.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/help-contents.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/process-stop.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/list-remove.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/media-flash.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/emote-love.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/folder-new.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/battery-full.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/face-angry.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/document-page-setup.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/face-embarrassed.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/document-print-preview.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/folder-visiting.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/face-monkey.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/camera-photo.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/go-previous.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/network-wireless.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/document-revert-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/weather-snow.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/go-last.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/window-new.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/format-indent-less-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/preferences-desktop-wallpaper.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/go-home.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/view-sort-ascending.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/face-smile-big.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/network-vpn.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/task-past-due.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/changes-prevent.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/battery-full-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/software-update-available.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/emblem-documents.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/battery-caution.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/weather-few-clouds.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/emblem-favorite.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/applications-utilities.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/system-file-manager.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/appointment-soon.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/media-seek-backward.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/preferences-desktop.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/applications-engineering.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/input-keyboard.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/starred.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/edit-find.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/emblem-system.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/accessories-dictionary.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/utilities-terminal.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/battery-good-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/multimedia-player.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/task-due.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/applications-accessories.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/preferences-other.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/edit-undo-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/go-next-rtl.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/battery-full-charged-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/battery-empty.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/face-kiss.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/mail-attachment.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/preferences-desktop-locale.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/help-faq.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/microphone-sensitivity-muted.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/dialog-question.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/weather-showers-scattered.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/modem.png        adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/go-down.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/mail-signed.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/media-seek-backward-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/semi-starred.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/edit-delete.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/battery-low.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/battery-good.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/software-update-urgent.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/system-help.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/accessories-calculator.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/edit-paste.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/trophy-silver.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/input-tablet.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/trophy-bronze.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/document-save.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/weather-few-clouds-night.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/preferences-desktop-theme.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/pda.png          adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/media-playback-stop.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/audio-speakers.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/dialog-password.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/preferences-desktop-font.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/media-floppy.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/emblem-web.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/mail-reply-all.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/printer-error.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/ebook-reader.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/non-starred.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/preferences-desktop-screensaver.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/image-missing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/format-justify-center.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/zoom-original.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/mail-mark-junk.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/audio-volume-medium.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/computer-fail.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/face-crying.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/dialog-information.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/call-start.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/mail-mark-notjunk.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/network-transmit.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/document-open.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/face-worried.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/user-invisible.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/weather-clear-night.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/go-bottom.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/document-new.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/appointment-missed.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/battery-low-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/accessories-character-map.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/multimedia-volume-control.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/zoom-in.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/edit-find-replace.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/mail-reply-sender.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/format-indent-more.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/window-close.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/edit-clear-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/go-up.png        adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/help-browser.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/microphone-sensitivity-medium.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/system-shutdown.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/emblem-new.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/face-surprise.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/go-jump.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/security-high.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/view-restore.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/tab-new.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/media-playback-start-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/user-busy.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/list-add.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/battery.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/system-run.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/edit-select-all.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/network-transmit-receive.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/view-refresh.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/system-search.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/media-skip-backward-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/emblem-important.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/applications-other.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/preferences-system-notifications.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/input-gaming.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/format-justify-right.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/media-seek-forward.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/application-exit.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/ac-adapter.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/face-devilish.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/emblem-photos.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/document-save-as.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/zoom-fit-best.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/audio-volume-low.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/view-fullscreen.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/face-uncertain.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/emblem-urgent.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/format-text-strikethrough.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/preferences-desktop-accessibility.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/16x16/legacy/phone.png        adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/insert-text-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/document-print-preview-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/system-run-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/media-playback-stop-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/edit-redo-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/object-rotate-right-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/value-decrease-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/format-justify-right-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/mail-reply-all-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/format-text-bold-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/format-justify-left-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/document-properties-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/object-flip-horizontal-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/go-next-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/application-exit-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/format-indent-less-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/system-search-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/go-up-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/font-select-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/list-remove-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/mail-mark-notjunk-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/media-playback-start-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/go-last-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/view-paged-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/media-skip-forward-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/zoom-fit-best-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/mail-reply-sender-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/media-skip-backward-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/go-first-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/sidebar-hide-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/format-text-strikethrough-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/go-first-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/format-indent-more-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/view-list-ordered-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/format-justify-fill-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/mark-location-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/document-revert-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/system-log-out-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/view-app-grid-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/edit-clear-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/go-bottom-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/appointment-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/process-stop-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/system-reboot-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/edit-copy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/sidebar-show-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/format-text-direction-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/document-save-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/view-sort-ascending-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/mail-message-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/format-indent-more-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/document-send-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/view-pin-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/object-flip-vertical-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/document-open-recent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/view-refresh-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/value-increase-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/media-eject-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/format-text-italic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/view-grid-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/view-sort-descending-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/mail-forward-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/media-skip-backward-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/view-continuous-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/camera-switch-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/format-justify-center-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/document-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/folder-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/error-correct-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/view-more-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/send-to-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/tab-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/edit-find-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/view-mirror-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/edit-undo-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/call-stop-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/help-about-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/star-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/insert-object-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/media-seek-backward-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/format-text-underline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/go-jump-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/edit-cut-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/insert-link-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/go-last-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/edit-redo-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/find-location-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/view-fullscreen-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/view-list-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/document-edit-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/call-start-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/mail-send-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/media-view-subtitles-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/view-reveal-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/document-page-setup-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/view-restore-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/mail-mark-important-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/edit-delete-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/media-seek-forward-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/document-open-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/view-more-horizontal-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/address-book-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/media-record-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/bookmark-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/go-down-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/list-add-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/zoom-original-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/edit-find-replace-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/edit-clear-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/action-unavailable-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/go-home-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/object-rotate-left-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/go-previous-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/mail-mark-junk-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/contact-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/go-jump-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/insert-image-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/edit-clear-all-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/document-print-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/media-skip-forward-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/media-playback-pause-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/media-seek-forward-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/open-menu-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/edit-select-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/media-playback-start-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/format-indent-less-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/go-top-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/edit-paste-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/format-text-direction-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/list-remove-all-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/view-dual-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/view-conceal-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/edit-select-all-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/document-revert-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/zoom-out-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/go-next-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/system-switch-user-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/media-seek-backward-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/zoom-in-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/document-save-as-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/object-select-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/tools-check-spelling-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/color-select-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/view-list-bullet-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/go-previous-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/mail-send-receive-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/edit-undo-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/actions/system-shutdown-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/x-office-drawing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/x-office-drawing-template.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/x-office-document-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/application-x-addon-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/font-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/application-rss+xml-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/x-office-address-book.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/application-x-appliance-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/text-x-script.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/x-office-presentation.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/package-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/application-certificate.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/application-x-executable-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/x-office-calendar.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/audio-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/text-x-preview.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/x-office-document.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/text-html.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/x-office-presentation-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet-template.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/x-office-document-template.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/video-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/application-certificate-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/x-office-presentation-template.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/application-x-addon.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/image-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/x-package-repository.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/font-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/x-office-calendar-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/application-x-firmware.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/package-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/application-x-executable.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/text-x-generic-template.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/application-x-firmware-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/inode-directory.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/image-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/x-office-address-book-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/video-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/text-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/x-office-drawing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/text-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/inode-directory-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/mimetypes/audio-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/ui/radio-mixed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/ui/pan-end-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/ui/selection-end-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/ui/checkbox-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/ui/focus-windows-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/ui/focus-legacy-systray-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/ui/window-minimize-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/ui/list-drag-handle-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/ui/window-restore-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/ui/pan-start-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/ui/checkbox-mixed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/ui/tab-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/ui/pan-end-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/ui/selection-start-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/ui/window-maximize-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/ui/pan-start-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/ui/selection-start-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/ui/selection-end-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/ui/window-close-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/ui/window-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/ui/radio-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/ui/focus-top-bar-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/ui/radio-checked-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/ui/pan-down-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/ui/pan-up-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/ui/checkbox-checked-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emotes/face-wink-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emotes/face-kiss-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emotes/face-yawn-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emotes/face-shutmouth-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emotes/face-angel-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emotes/face-glasses-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emotes/face-sick-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emotes/face-devilish-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emotes/face-uncertain-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emotes/face-monkey-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emotes/face-crying-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emotes/face-confused-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emotes/face-smile-big-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emotes/face-sad-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emotes/face-angry-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emotes/face-laugh-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emotes/face-tired-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emotes/face-smile-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emotes/emote-love-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emotes/face-embarrassed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emotes/face-surprise-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emotes/face-smirk-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emotes/face-cool-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emotes/face-worried-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emotes/face-raspberry-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emotes/face-plain-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/categories/applications-graphics-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/categories/emoji-travel-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/categories/preferences-other-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/categories/emoji-flags-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/categories/applications-science-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/categories/emoji-objects-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/categories/applications-utilities-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/categories/applications-engineering-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/categories/emoji-recent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/categories/emoji-body-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/categories/emoji-food-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/categories/applications-system-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/categories/applications-multimedia-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/categories/preferences-system-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/categories/emoji-people-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/categories/system-help-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/categories/emoji-symbols-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/categories/applications-games-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/categories/emoji-nature-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/categories/emoji-activities-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/preferences-system-privacy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/preferences-desktop-apps-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/help-browser-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/accessories-calculator-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/system-users-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/utilities-terminal-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/preferences-system-network-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/text-editor-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/preferences-system-devices-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/preferences-system-network-proxy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/help-contents-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/accessories-dictionary-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/preferences-system-time-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/preferences-desktop-wallpaper-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/system-file-manager-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/accessories-text-editor-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/preferences-system-notifications-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/preferences-system-details-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/help-faq-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/preferences-system-search-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/web-browser-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/multimedia-volume-control-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/goa-panel-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/gnome-power-manager-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/preferences-desktop-font-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/preferences-desktop-remote-desktop-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/system-software-install-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/preferences-desktop-accessibility-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/user-info-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/preferences-system-sharing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/preferences-desktop-display-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/accessories-character-map-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/preferences-system-parental-controls-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/applets-screenshooter-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/preferences-desktop-screensaver-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/preferences-color-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/apps/preferences-desktop-locale-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/keyboard-brightness-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/battery-level-30-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/appointment-missed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-cellular-gprs-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/location-services-active-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/mail-read-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-cellular-signal-excellent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/channel-insecure-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/security-low-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-vpn-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/software-update-urgent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/battery-level-0-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/battery-level-10-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/battery-level-100-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/computer-fail-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/airplane-mode-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/location-services-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/battery-missing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/dialog-information-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/dialog-error-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/folder-open-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/changes-allow-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/view-wrapped-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/media-playlist-repeat-song-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/user-idle-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/orientation-portrait-right-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/auth-sim-locked-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-wired-no-route-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-transmit-receive-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/printer-error-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-wireless-offline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/battery-level-80-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/software-update-available-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/touch-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-wired-acquiring-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/media-playlist-repeat-song-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/weather-showers-scattered-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-offline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/weather-clear-night-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/audio-volume-low-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-cellular-offline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/screen-shared-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-wireless-encrypted-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/daytime-sunset-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-no-route-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-wireless-hotspot-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/user-invisible-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/weather-snow-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/starred-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/battery-level-0-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-cellular-signal-good-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/orientation-landscape-inverse-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/media-playlist-shuffle-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/user-trash-full.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/display-brightness-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-wireless-signal-good-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/battery-level-60-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/media-playlist-consecutive-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/bluetooth-active-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/alarm-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/security-medium-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-wired-disconnected-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-wireless-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/touchpad-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-idle-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/call-missed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/battery-level-50-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/orientation-landscape-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/image-loading-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/user-away-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-cellular-3g-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/mail-attachment-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-cellular-signal-none-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/image-loading.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/audio-volume-medium-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/battery-level-20-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/notifications-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/battery-level-20-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-cellular-2g-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/weather-few-clouds-night-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/microphone-sensitivity-muted-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/media-playlist-consecutive-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/user-offline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/audio-volume-muted-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/view-wrapped-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/channel-secure-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-transmit-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-wireless-signal-none-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/battery-level-70-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/dialog-password-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/avatar-default.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/battery-level-40-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/battery-level-100-charged-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/media-playlist-repeat-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/task-past-due-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/user-available-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/user-not-tracked-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-error-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/call-incoming-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/battery-level-60-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-wired-offline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/camera-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/folder-drag-accept-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/weather-severe-alert-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-cellular-4g-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-receive-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/orientation-portrait-left-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/folder-visiting-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/semi-starred-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-wireless-signal-weak-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/dialog-warning-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-cellular-signal-ok-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-wireless-connected-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/weather-showers-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-wireless-no-route-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/daytime-sunrise-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-vpn-acquiring-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-cellular-connected-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-cellular-hspa-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/battery-level-50-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/battery-level-70-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/audio-volume-high-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/mail-replied-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/task-due-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/changes-prevent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/microphone-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/user-busy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-wireless-acquiring-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/battery-level-80-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-wireless-signal-ok-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/avatar-default-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/mail-unread-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/user-status-pending-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/weather-clear-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/dialog-question-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-cellular-no-route-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/media-playlist-shuffle-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-cellular-edge-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/auth-sim-missing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/printer-warning-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/battery-level-90-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/image-missing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/battery-level-40-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/call-outgoing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-vpn-no-route-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/weather-windy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/weather-overcast-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/weather-storm-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/bluetooth-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/microphone-sensitivity-high-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/weather-tornado-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/security-high-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/rotation-locked-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/printer-printing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/semi-starred-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/media-playlist-repeat-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/microphone-sensitivity-medium-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/battery-level-30-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-cellular-signal-weak-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/system-lock-screen-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-wireless-signal-excellent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/user-trash-full-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/non-starred-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/thunderbolt-acquiring-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/battery-level-10-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/battery-level-90-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/network-cellular-acquiring-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/content-loading-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/rotation-allowed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/microphone-sensitivity-low-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/appointment-soon-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/night-light-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/weather-fog-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/audio-volume-overamplified-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/status/weather-few-clouds-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/folder-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/folder-documents.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/folder-remote-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/user-trash.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/folder-download-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/folder-pictures.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/folder-drag-accept.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/folder-saved-search-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/folder-videos.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/user-desktop-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/folder-remote.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/folder-music-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/folder-pictures-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/folder-templates.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/folder-download.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/folder-templates-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/network-server-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/user-home-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/user-trash-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/folder-publicshare.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/network-workgroup-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/folder-publicshare-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/start-here-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/folder-videos-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/network-workgroup.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/user-home.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/folder-saved-search.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/user-bookmarks.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/folder-music.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/network-server.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/folder-documents-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/folder.png       adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/folder-open.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/user-desktop.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/start-here.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/places/user-bookmarks-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/printer-network-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/drive-harddisk-usb-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/camera-web-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/media-flash-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/network-wireless-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/battery-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/input-dialpad-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/auth-fingerprint-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/tv-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/network-wired-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/uninterruptible-power-supply-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/display-projector-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/drive-harddisk-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/ac-adapter-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/audio-input-microphone-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/drive-multidisk-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/printer-network.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/media-optical-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/input-touchpad-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/input-keyboard-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/video-display-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/modem-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/media-optical-bd-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/phone-old-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/audio-headset-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/camera-video-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/printer.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/auth-smartcard-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/media-tape-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/video-single-display-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/computer.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/drive-harddisk.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/drive-removable-media.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/drive-removable-media-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/input-gaming-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/media-removable-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/media-floppy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/audio-headphones-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/computer-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/printer-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/drive-harddisk-ieee1394-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/network-cellular-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/input-mouse-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/drive-harddisk-solidstate-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/multimedia-player-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/computer-apple-ipad-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/auth-sim-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/audio-headset.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/audio-card-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/thunderbolt-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/pda-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/media-optical-cd-audio-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/audio-headphones.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/camera-photo-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/scanner-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/multimedia-player-apple-ipod-touch-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/colorimeter-colorhug-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/drive-harddisk-system-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/drive-optical-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/bluetooth-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/media-zip-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/video-joined-displays-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/media-optical.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/input-tablet-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/phone-apple-iphone-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/audio-speakers-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/phone-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/devices/media-optical-dvd-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emblems/emblem-documents-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emblems/emblem-photos-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emblems/emblem-music-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emblems/emblem-synchronizing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emblems/emblem-videos-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emblems/emblem-symbolic-link.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emblems/emblem-unreadable.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emblems/emblem-favorite-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emblems/emblem-readonly.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emblems/emblem-important-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emblems/emblem-ok-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emblems/emblem-default-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emblems/emblem-shared-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emblems/emblem-synchronizing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emblems/emblem-shared.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/emblems/emblem-system-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/media-seek-forward-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/media-playback-start.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/security-low.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/edit-copy.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/mail-send.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/face-wink.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/face-raspberry.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/mail-message-new.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/applications-office.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/web-browser.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/preferences-desktop-personal.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/applications-internet.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/preferences-system-windows.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/system-lock-screen.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/camera-video.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/face-glasses.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/applications-system.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/media-playlist-shuffle.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/preferences-desktop-peripherals.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/weather-severe-alert.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/face-plain.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/semi-starred-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/network-wired.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/mail-send-receive.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/edit-clear-all.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/battery-caution-charging.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/edit-redo-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/emblem-package.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/object-rotate-left.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/battery-good-charging.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/go-top.png       adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/preferences-desktop-remote-desktop.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/user-away.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/document-revert.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/media-skip-backward.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/mark-location.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/view-sort-descending.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/media-record.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/media-tape.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/input-dialpad.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/battery-full-charging.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/battery-full-charged.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/face-smile.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/preferences-desktop-keyboard.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/user-offline.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/microphone-sensitivity-low.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/accessories-text-editor.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/network-offline.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/preferences-system-sharing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/battery-good-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/weather-fog.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/mail-mark-important.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/format-text-italic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/applets-screenshooter.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/drive-multidisk.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/network-cellular-connected.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/weather-clear.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/face-angel.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/format-text-direction-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/user-idle.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/format-text-underline.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/dialog-error.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/media-eject.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/audio-volume-high.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/face-cool.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/network-idle.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/format-text-bold.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/document-properties.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/input-mouse.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/battery-empty-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/format-justify-left.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/media-playlist-repeat.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/microphone-sensitivity-high.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/document-send.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/bookmark-new.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/mail-replied.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/battery-empty-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/user-available.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/preferences-system.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/weather-storm.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/format-indent-less.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/applications-graphics.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/emblem-mail.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/uninterruptible-power-supply.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/face-sad.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/call-stop.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/emblem-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/battery-low-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/media-skip-forward.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/address-book-new.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/battery-low-charging.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/format-text-direction-ltr.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/battery-caution-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/go-first.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/face-tired.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/format-indent-more-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/battery-caution-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/preferences-desktop-display.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/help-about.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/trophy-gold.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/edit-redo.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/insert-link.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/preferences-system-network.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/battery-full-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/insert-image.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/changes-allow.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/zoom-out.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/mail-mark-unread.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/weather-showers.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/network-error.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/system-users.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/scanner.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/preferences-system-search.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/face-sick.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/applications-science.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/video-display.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/input-touchpad.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/edit-clear.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/face-laugh.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/edit-undo.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/object-flip-vertical.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/media-skip-forward-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/weather-overcast.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/preferences-system-privacy.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/face-smirk.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/dialog-warning.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/system-software-install.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/audio-volume-muted.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/object-rotate-right.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/mail-unread.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/network-wired-disconnected.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/printer-printing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/document-open-recent.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/computer.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/battery-missing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/emblem-downloads.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/drive-optical.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/mail-read.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/object-flip-horizontal.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/contact-new.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/emblem-default.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/go-next.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/appointment-new.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/mail-forward.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/system-software-update.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/audio-card.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/go-first-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/tools-check-spelling.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/insert-object.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/security-medium.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/network-receive.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/applications-games.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/media-playback-pause.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/user-info.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/system-log-out.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/media-removable.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/applications-development.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/camera-web.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/document-print.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/go-previous-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/insert-text.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/go-last-rtl.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/mail-mark-read.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/format-justify-fill.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/edit-cut.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/help-contents.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/process-stop.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/list-remove.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/media-flash.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/emote-love.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/folder-new.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/battery-full.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/face-angry.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/document-page-setup.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/face-embarrassed.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/document-print-preview.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/folder-visiting.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/face-monkey.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/camera-photo.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/go-previous.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/network-wireless.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/document-revert-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/weather-snow.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/go-last.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/window-new.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/format-indent-less-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/preferences-desktop-wallpaper.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/go-home.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/view-sort-ascending.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/face-smile-big.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/network-vpn.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/task-past-due.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/changes-prevent.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/battery-full-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/software-update-available.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/emblem-documents.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/battery-caution.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/weather-few-clouds.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/emblem-favorite.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/applications-utilities.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/system-file-manager.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/appointment-soon.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/media-seek-backward.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/preferences-desktop.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/applications-engineering.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/input-keyboard.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/starred.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/edit-find.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/emblem-system.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/accessories-dictionary.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/utilities-terminal.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/battery-good-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/multimedia-player.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/task-due.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/applications-accessories.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/preferences-other.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/edit-undo-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/go-next-rtl.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/battery-full-charged-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/battery-empty.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/face-kiss.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/mail-attachment.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/preferences-desktop-locale.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/help-faq.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/microphone-sensitivity-muted.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/dialog-question.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/weather-showers-scattered.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/modem.png        adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/go-down.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/media-seek-backward-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/semi-starred.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/edit-delete.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/battery-low.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/battery-good.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/software-update-urgent.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/system-help.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/accessories-calculator.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/edit-paste.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/trophy-silver.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/input-tablet.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/trophy-bronze.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/document-save.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/weather-few-clouds-night.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/preferences-desktop-theme.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/pda.png          adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/media-playback-stop.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/emblem-desktop.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/audio-speakers.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/dialog-password.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/preferences-desktop-font.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/media-floppy.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/emblem-web.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/mail-reply-all.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/printer-error.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/ebook-reader.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/non-starred.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/preferences-desktop-screensaver.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/image-missing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/format-justify-center.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/zoom-original.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/mail-mark-junk.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/audio-volume-medium.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/computer-fail.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/face-crying.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/dialog-information.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/call-start.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/mail-mark-notjunk.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/network-transmit.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/document-open.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/face-worried.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/user-invisible.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/weather-clear-night.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/go-bottom.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/document-new.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/appointment-missed.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/battery-low-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/accessories-character-map.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/multimedia-volume-control.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/zoom-in.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/edit-find-replace.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/mail-reply-sender.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/format-indent-more.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/window-close.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/edit-clear-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/go-up.png        adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/help-browser.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/microphone-sensitivity-medium.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/system-shutdown.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/emblem-new.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/face-surprise.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/go-jump.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/security-high.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/view-restore.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/media-playback-start-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/user-busy.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/list-add.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/battery.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/system-run.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/edit-select-all.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/network-transmit-receive.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/view-refresh.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/system-search.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/media-skip-backward-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/emblem-important.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/applications-other.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/preferences-system-notifications.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/input-gaming.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/format-justify-right.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/media-seek-forward.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/application-exit.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/ac-adapter.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/face-devilish.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/emblem-photos.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/document-save-as.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/zoom-fit-best.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/audio-volume-low.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/view-fullscreen.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/face-uncertain.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/emblem-urgent.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/format-text-strikethrough.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/preferences-desktop-accessibility.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/48x48/legacy/phone.png        adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/insert-text-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/document-print-preview-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/system-run-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/media-playback-stop-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/edit-redo-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/object-rotate-right-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/value-decrease-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/format-justify-right-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/mail-reply-all-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/format-text-bold-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/format-justify-left-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/document-properties-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/object-flip-horizontal-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/go-next-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/application-exit-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/format-indent-less-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/system-search-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/go-up-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/font-select-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/list-remove-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/mail-mark-notjunk-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/media-playback-start-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/go-last-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/view-paged-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/media-skip-forward-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/zoom-fit-best-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/mail-reply-sender-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/media-skip-backward-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/go-first-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/sidebar-hide-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/format-text-strikethrough-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/go-first-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/format-indent-more-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/view-list-ordered-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/format-justify-fill-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/mark-location-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/document-revert-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/system-log-out-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/view-app-grid-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/edit-clear-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/go-bottom-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/appointment-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/process-stop-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/system-reboot-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/edit-copy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/sidebar-show-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/format-text-direction-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/document-save-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/view-sort-ascending-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/mail-message-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/format-indent-more-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/document-send-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/view-pin-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/object-flip-vertical-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/document-open-recent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/view-refresh-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/value-increase-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/media-eject-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/format-text-italic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/view-grid-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/view-sort-descending-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/mail-forward-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/media-skip-backward-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/view-continuous-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/camera-switch-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/format-justify-center-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/document-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/folder-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/error-correct-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/view-more-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/send-to-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/tab-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/edit-find-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/view-mirror-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/edit-undo-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/call-stop-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/help-about-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/star-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/insert-object-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/media-seek-backward-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/format-text-underline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/go-jump-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/edit-cut-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/insert-link-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/go-last-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/edit-redo-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/find-location-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/view-fullscreen-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/view-list-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/document-edit-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/call-start-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/mail-send-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/media-view-subtitles-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/view-reveal-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/document-page-setup-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/view-restore-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/mail-mark-important-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/edit-delete-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/media-seek-forward-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/document-open-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/view-more-horizontal-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/address-book-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/media-record-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/bookmark-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/go-down-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/list-add-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/zoom-original-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/edit-find-replace-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/edit-clear-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/action-unavailable-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/go-home-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/object-rotate-left-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/go-previous-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/mail-mark-junk-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/contact-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/go-jump-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/insert-image-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/edit-clear-all-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/document-print-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/media-skip-forward-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/media-playback-pause-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/media-seek-forward-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/open-menu-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/edit-select-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/media-playback-start-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/format-indent-less-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/go-top-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/edit-paste-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/format-text-direction-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/list-remove-all-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/view-dual-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/view-conceal-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/edit-select-all-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/document-revert-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/zoom-out-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/go-next-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/system-switch-user-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/media-seek-backward-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/zoom-in-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/document-save-as-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/object-select-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/tools-check-spelling-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/color-select-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/view-list-bullet-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/go-previous-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/mail-send-receive-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/edit-undo-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/actions/system-shutdown-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/x-office-drawing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/x-office-drawing-template.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/x-office-document-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/application-x-addon-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/font-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/application-rss+xml-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/x-office-address-book.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/application-x-appliance-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/text-x-script.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/x-office-presentation.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/package-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/application-certificate.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/application-x-executable-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/x-office-calendar.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/audio-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/text-x-preview.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/x-office-document.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/text-html.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/x-office-presentation-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet-template.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/x-office-document-template.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/video-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/application-certificate-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/x-office-presentation-template.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/application-x-addon.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/image-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/x-package-repository.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/font-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/x-office-calendar-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/application-x-firmware.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/package-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/application-x-executable.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/text-x-generic-template.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/application-x-firmware-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/inode-directory.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/image-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/x-office-address-book-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/video-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/text-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/x-office-drawing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/text-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/inode-directory-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/mimetypes/audio-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/ui/radio-mixed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/ui/pan-end-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/ui/selection-end-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/ui/checkbox-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/ui/focus-windows-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/ui/focus-legacy-systray-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/ui/window-minimize-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/ui/list-drag-handle-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/ui/window-restore-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/ui/pan-start-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/ui/checkbox-mixed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/ui/tab-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/ui/pan-end-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/ui/selection-start-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/ui/window-maximize-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/ui/pan-start-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/ui/selection-start-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/ui/selection-end-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/ui/window-close-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/ui/window-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/ui/radio-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/ui/focus-top-bar-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/ui/radio-checked-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/ui/pan-down-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/ui/pan-up-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/ui/checkbox-checked-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emotes/face-wink-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emotes/face-kiss-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emotes/face-yawn-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emotes/face-shutmouth-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emotes/face-angel-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emotes/face-glasses-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emotes/face-sick-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emotes/face-devilish-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emotes/face-uncertain-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emotes/face-monkey-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emotes/face-crying-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emotes/face-confused-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emotes/face-smile-big-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emotes/face-sad-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emotes/face-angry-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emotes/face-laugh-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emotes/face-tired-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emotes/face-smile-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emotes/emote-love-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emotes/face-embarrassed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emotes/face-surprise-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emotes/face-smirk-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emotes/face-cool-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emotes/face-worried-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emotes/face-raspberry-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emotes/face-plain-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/categories/applications-graphics-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/categories/emoji-travel-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/categories/preferences-other-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/categories/emoji-flags-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/categories/applications-science-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/categories/emoji-objects-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/categories/applications-utilities-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/categories/applications-engineering-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/categories/emoji-recent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/categories/emoji-body-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/categories/emoji-food-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/categories/applications-system-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/categories/applications-multimedia-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/categories/preferences-system-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/categories/emoji-people-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/categories/system-help-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/categories/emoji-symbols-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/categories/applications-games-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/categories/emoji-nature-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/categories/emoji-activities-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/preferences-system-privacy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/preferences-desktop-apps-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/help-browser-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/accessories-calculator-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/system-users-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/utilities-terminal-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/preferences-system-network-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/text-editor-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/preferences-system-devices-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/preferences-system-network-proxy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/help-contents-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/accessories-dictionary-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/preferences-system-time-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/preferences-desktop-wallpaper-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/system-file-manager-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/accessories-text-editor-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/preferences-system-notifications-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/preferences-system-details-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/help-faq-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/preferences-system-search-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/web-browser-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/multimedia-volume-control-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/goa-panel-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/gnome-power-manager-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/preferences-desktop-font-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/preferences-desktop-remote-desktop-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/system-software-install-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/preferences-desktop-accessibility-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/user-info-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/preferences-system-sharing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/preferences-desktop-display-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/accessories-character-map-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/preferences-system-parental-controls-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/applets-screenshooter-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/preferences-desktop-screensaver-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/preferences-color-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/apps/preferences-desktop-locale-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/keyboard-brightness-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/battery-level-30-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/appointment-missed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-cellular-gprs-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/location-services-active-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/mail-read-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-cellular-signal-excellent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/channel-insecure-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/security-low-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-vpn-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/software-update-urgent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/battery-level-0-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/battery-level-10-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/battery-level-100-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/computer-fail-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/airplane-mode-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/location-services-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/battery-missing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/dialog-information-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/dialog-error-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/folder-open-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/changes-allow-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/view-wrapped-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/media-playlist-repeat-song-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/user-idle-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/orientation-portrait-right-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/auth-sim-locked-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-wired-no-route-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-transmit-receive-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/printer-error-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-wireless-offline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/battery-level-80-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/software-update-available-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/touch-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-wired-acquiring-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/media-playlist-repeat-song-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/weather-showers-scattered-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-offline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/audio-volume-low-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-cellular-offline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/screen-shared-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-wireless-encrypted-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/daytime-sunset-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-no-route-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-wireless-hotspot-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/user-invisible-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/weather-snow-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/starred-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/battery-level-0-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-cellular-signal-good-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/orientation-landscape-inverse-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/media-playlist-shuffle-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/user-trash-full.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/display-brightness-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-wireless-signal-good-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/battery-level-60-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/media-playlist-consecutive-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/bluetooth-active-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/alarm-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/security-medium-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-wired-disconnected-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-wireless-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/touchpad-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-idle-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/call-missed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/battery-level-50-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/orientation-landscape-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/image-loading-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/user-away-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-cellular-3g-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/mail-attachment-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-cellular-signal-none-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/image-loading.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/audio-volume-medium-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/battery-level-20-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/notifications-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/battery-level-20-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-cellular-2g-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/microphone-sensitivity-muted-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/media-playlist-consecutive-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/user-offline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/audio-volume-muted-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/view-wrapped-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/channel-secure-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-transmit-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-wireless-signal-none-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/battery-level-70-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/dialog-password-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/avatar-default.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/battery-level-40-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/battery-level-100-charged-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/media-playlist-repeat-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/task-past-due-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/user-available-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/user-not-tracked-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-error-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/call-incoming-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/battery-level-60-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-wired-offline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/camera-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/folder-drag-accept-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/weather-severe-alert-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-cellular-4g-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-receive-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/orientation-portrait-left-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/folder-visiting-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/semi-starred-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-wireless-signal-weak-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/dialog-warning-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-cellular-signal-ok-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-wireless-connected-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/weather-showers-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-wireless-no-route-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/daytime-sunrise-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-vpn-acquiring-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-cellular-connected-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-cellular-hspa-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/battery-level-50-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/battery-level-70-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/audio-volume-high-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/mail-replied-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/task-due-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/changes-prevent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/microphone-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/user-busy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-wireless-acquiring-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/battery-level-80-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-wireless-signal-ok-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/avatar-default-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/mail-unread-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/user-status-pending-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/weather-clear-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/dialog-question-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-cellular-no-route-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/media-playlist-shuffle-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-cellular-edge-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/auth-sim-missing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/printer-warning-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/battery-level-90-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/image-missing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/battery-level-40-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/call-outgoing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-vpn-no-route-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/weather-windy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/weather-overcast-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/weather-storm-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/bluetooth-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/microphone-sensitivity-high-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/weather-tornado-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/security-high-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/rotation-locked-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/printer-printing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/semi-starred-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/media-playlist-repeat-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/microphone-sensitivity-medium-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/battery-level-30-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-cellular-signal-weak-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/system-lock-screen-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-wireless-signal-excellent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/user-trash-full-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/non-starred-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/thunderbolt-acquiring-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/battery-level-10-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/battery-level-90-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/network-cellular-acquiring-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/content-loading-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/rotation-allowed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/microphone-sensitivity-low-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/appointment-soon-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/night-light-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/weather-fog-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/audio-volume-overamplified-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/folder-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/folder-documents.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/folder-remote-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/user-trash.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/folder-download-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/folder-pictures.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/folder-drag-accept.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/folder-saved-search-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/folder-videos.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/user-desktop-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/folder-remote.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/folder-music-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/folder-pictures-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/folder-templates.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/folder-download.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/folder-templates-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/network-server-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/user-home-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/user-trash-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/folder-publicshare.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/network-workgroup-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/folder-publicshare-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/start-here-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/folder-videos-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/network-workgroup.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/user-home.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/folder-saved-search.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/user-bookmarks.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/folder-music.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/network-server.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/folder-documents-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/folder.png       adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/folder-open.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/user-desktop.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/start-here.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/places/user-bookmarks-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/printer-network-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/drive-harddisk-usb-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/camera-web-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/media-flash-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/network-wireless-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/battery-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/input-dialpad-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/auth-fingerprint-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/tv-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/network-wired-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/uninterruptible-power-supply-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/display-projector-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/drive-harddisk-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/ac-adapter-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/audio-input-microphone-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/drive-multidisk-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/printer-network.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/media-optical-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/input-touchpad-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/input-keyboard-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/video-display-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/modem-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/media-optical-bd-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/phone-old-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/audio-headset-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/camera-video-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/printer.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/auth-smartcard-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/media-tape-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/video-single-display-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/computer.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/drive-harddisk.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/drive-removable-media.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/drive-removable-media-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/input-gaming-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/media-removable-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/media-floppy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/audio-headphones-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/computer-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/printer-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/drive-harddisk-ieee1394-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/network-cellular-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/input-mouse-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/drive-harddisk-solidstate-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/multimedia-player-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/computer-apple-ipad-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/auth-sim-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/audio-headset.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/audio-card-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/thunderbolt-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/pda-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/media-optical-cd-audio-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/audio-headphones.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/camera-photo-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/scanner-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/multimedia-player-apple-ipod-touch-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/colorimeter-colorhug-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/drive-harddisk-system-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/drive-optical-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/bluetooth-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/media-zip-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/video-joined-displays-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/media-optical.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/input-tablet-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/phone-apple-iphone-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/audio-speakers-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/phone-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/devices/media-optical-dvd-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emblems/emblem-documents-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emblems/emblem-photos-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emblems/emblem-music-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emblems/emblem-synchronizing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emblems/emblem-videos-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emblems/emblem-symbolic-link.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emblems/emblem-unreadable.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emblems/emblem-favorite-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emblems/emblem-readonly.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emblems/emblem-important-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emblems/emblem-ok-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emblems/emblem-default-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emblems/emblem-shared-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emblems/emblem-synchronizing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emblems/emblem-shared.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/emblems/emblem-system-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/media-seek-forward-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/media-playback-start.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/security-low.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/edit-copy.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/mail-send.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/face-wink.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/face-raspberry.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/mail-message-new.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/applications-office.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/web-browser.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/preferences-desktop-personal.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/applications-internet.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/network-wireless-encrypted.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/preferences-system-windows.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/system-lock-screen.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/camera-video.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/face-glasses.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/applications-system.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/media-playlist-shuffle.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/preferences-desktop-peripherals.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/weather-severe-alert.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/face-plain.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/semi-starred-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/network-wired.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/mail-send-receive.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/battery-caution-charging.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/edit-redo-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/emblem-package.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/object-rotate-left.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/battery-good-charging.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/go-top.png       adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/preferences-desktop-remote-desktop.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/user-away.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/document-revert.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/media-skip-backward.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/view-sort-descending.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/media-record.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/media-tape.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/input-dialpad.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/battery-full-charging.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/battery-full-charged.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/face-smile.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/preferences-desktop-keyboard.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/user-offline.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/microphone-sensitivity-low.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/accessories-text-editor.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/network-offline.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/battery-good-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/weather-fog.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/mail-mark-important.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/format-text-italic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/applets-screenshooter.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/drive-multidisk.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/network-cellular-connected.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/weather-clear.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/face-angel.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/user-idle.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/format-text-underline.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/dialog-error.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/media-eject.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/audio-volume-high.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/face-cool.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/network-idle.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/format-text-bold.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/document-properties.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/mail-signed-verified.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/input-mouse.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/battery-empty-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/format-justify-left.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/media-playlist-repeat.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/microphone-sensitivity-high.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/document-send.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/bookmark-new.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/mail-replied.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/battery-empty-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/user-available.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/preferences-system.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/weather-storm.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/format-indent-less.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/applications-graphics.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/emblem-mail.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/uninterruptible-power-supply.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/face-sad.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/call-stop.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/emblem-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/battery-low-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/media-skip-forward.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/address-book-new.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/battery-low-charging.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/battery-caution-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/go-first.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/face-tired.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/format-indent-more-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/battery-caution-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/preferences-desktop-display.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/help-about.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/trophy-gold.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/edit-redo.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/insert-link.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/preferences-system-network.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/battery-full-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/insert-image.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/changes-allow.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/zoom-out.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/mail-mark-unread.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/weather-showers.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/network-error.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/system-users.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/scanner.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/face-sick.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/applications-science.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/video-display.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/input-touchpad.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/face-laugh.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/edit-undo.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/object-flip-vertical.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/media-skip-forward-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/weather-overcast.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/preferences-system-privacy.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/face-smirk.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/dialog-warning.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/system-software-install.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/audio-volume-muted.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/object-rotate-right.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/mail-unread.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/network-wired-disconnected.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/printer-printing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/document-open-recent.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/computer.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/battery-missing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/emblem-downloads.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/drive-optical.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/mail-read.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/object-flip-horizontal.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/contact-new.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/emblem-default.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/go-next.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/appointment-new.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/mail-forward.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/system-software-update.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/audio-card.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/go-first-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/tools-check-spelling.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/insert-object.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/security-medium.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/network-receive.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/media-playback-pause.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/user-info.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/system-log-out.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/media-removable.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/camera-web.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/document-print.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/go-previous-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/insert-text.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/go-last-rtl.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/mail-mark-read.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/format-justify-fill.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/edit-cut.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/help-contents.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/process-stop.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/list-remove.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/media-flash.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/folder-new.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/battery-full.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/face-angry.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/document-page-setup.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/face-embarrassed.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/document-print-preview.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/folder-visiting.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/face-monkey.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/camera-photo.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/go-previous.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/network-wireless.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/document-revert-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/weather-snow.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/go-last.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/window-new.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/format-indent-less-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/preferences-desktop-wallpaper.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/go-home.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/view-sort-ascending.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/face-smile-big.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/network-vpn.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/task-past-due.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/changes-prevent.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/battery-full-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/software-update-available.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/emblem-documents.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/battery-caution.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/weather-few-clouds.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/emblem-favorite.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/applications-utilities.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/system-file-manager.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/appointment-soon.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/media-seek-backward.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/preferences-desktop.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/input-keyboard.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/starred.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/edit-find.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/emblem-system.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/accessories-dictionary.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/utilities-terminal.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/battery-good-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/multimedia-player.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/task-due.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/applications-accessories.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/preferences-other.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/edit-undo-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/go-next-rtl.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/battery-full-charged-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/battery-empty.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/face-kiss.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/mail-attachment.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/preferences-desktop-locale.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/help-faq.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/microphone-sensitivity-muted.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/dialog-question.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/weather-showers-scattered.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/modem.png        adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/go-down.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/mail-signed.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/media-seek-backward-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/semi-starred.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/edit-delete.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/battery-low.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/battery-good.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/software-update-urgent.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/system-help.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/accessories-calculator.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/edit-paste.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/trophy-silver.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/input-tablet.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/trophy-bronze.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/document-save.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/weather-few-clouds-night.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/preferences-desktop-theme.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/pda.png          adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/media-playback-stop.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/audio-speakers.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/dialog-password.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/preferences-desktop-font.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/media-floppy.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/emblem-web.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/mail-reply-all.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/printer-error.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/ebook-reader.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/non-starred.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/preferences-desktop-screensaver.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/image-missing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/format-justify-center.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/zoom-original.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/mail-mark-junk.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/audio-volume-medium.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/computer-fail.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/face-crying.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/dialog-information.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/call-start.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/mail-mark-notjunk.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/network-transmit.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/document-open.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/face-worried.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/user-invisible.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/weather-clear-night.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/go-bottom.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/document-new.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/appointment-missed.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/battery-low-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/accessories-character-map.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/multimedia-volume-control.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/zoom-in.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/edit-find-replace.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/mail-reply-sender.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/format-indent-more.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/window-close.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/go-up.png        adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/help-browser.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/microphone-sensitivity-medium.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/system-shutdown.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/emblem-new.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/face-surprise.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/go-jump.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/security-high.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/view-restore.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/tab-new.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/media-playback-start-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/user-busy.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/list-add.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/battery.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/system-run.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/edit-select-all.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/network-transmit-receive.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/view-refresh.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/system-search.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/media-skip-backward-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/emblem-important.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/input-gaming.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/format-justify-right.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/media-seek-forward.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/application-exit.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/ac-adapter.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/face-devilish.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/emblem-photos.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/document-save-as.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/zoom-fit-best.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/audio-volume-low.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/view-fullscreen.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/face-uncertain.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/emblem-urgent.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/format-text-strikethrough.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/preferences-desktop-accessibility.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/24x24/legacy/phone.png        adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/mimetypes/x-office-drawing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/mimetypes/x-office-drawing-template.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/mimetypes/x-office-address-book.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/mimetypes/text-x-script.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/mimetypes/x-office-presentation.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/mimetypes/text-x-preview.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/mimetypes/x-office-document.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/mimetypes/text-html.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet-template.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/mimetypes/x-office-document-template.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/mimetypes/x-office-presentation-template.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/mimetypes/image-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/mimetypes/font-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/mimetypes/package-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/mimetypes/application-x-executable.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/mimetypes/text-x-generic-template.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/mimetypes/inode-directory.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/mimetypes/video-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/mimetypes/text-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/mimetypes/audio-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/status/image-loading.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/status/avatar-default.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/status/image-missing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/places/folder-documents.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/places/folder-pictures.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/places/folder-drag-accept.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/places/folder-videos.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/places/folder-remote.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/places/folder-templates.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/places/folder-download.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/places/folder-publicshare.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/places/network-workgroup.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/places/user-home.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/places/folder-saved-search.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/places/user-bookmarks.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/places/folder-music.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/places/folder.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/places/folder-open.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/places/user-desktop.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/devices/printer-network.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/devices/printer.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/devices/computer.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/devices/drive-harddisk.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/devices/drive-removable-media.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/devices/audio-headset.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/devices/audio-headphones.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/devices/audio-microphone.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/devices/media-optical.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/emblems/emblem-synchronizing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/emblems/emblem-symbolic-link.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/emblems/emblem-unreadable.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/emblems/emblem-readonly.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/emblems/emblem-shared.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/legacy/applications-internet.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/legacy/applications-system.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/legacy/emblem-package.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/legacy/document-revert.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/legacy/mark-location.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/legacy/input-dialpad.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/legacy/accessories-text-editor.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/legacy/document-properties.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/legacy/address-book-new.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/legacy/folder-new.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/legacy/document-page-setup.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/legacy/folder-visiting.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/legacy/document-revert-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/legacy/accessories-dictionary.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/legacy/utilities-terminal.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/legacy/multimedia-player.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/legacy/accessories-calculator.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/legacy/document-save.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/legacy/image-missing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/legacy/document-open.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/legacy/document-new.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/legacy/accessories-character-map.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/legacy/edit-select-all.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/512x512/legacy/document-save-as.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable-up-to-32/status/process-working-symbolic.svg adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/mimetypes/application-x-addon.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/mimetypes/x-package-repository.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/mimetypes/application-x-firmware.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/status/user-trash-full.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/places/user-trash.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/places/network-workgroup.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/places/network-server.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/security-low.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/face-wink.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/mail-message-new.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/applications-office.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/web-browser.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/system-lock-screen.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/face-glasses.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/face-plain.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/semi-starred-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/battery-caution-charging.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/battery-good-charging.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/preferences-desktop-remote-desktop.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/user-away.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/battery-full-charging.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/battery-full-charged.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/face-smile.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/preferences-desktop-keyboard.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/user-offline.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/network-offline.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/preferences-system-sharing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/applets-screenshooter.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/drive-multidisk.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/network-cellular-connected.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/face-angel.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/user-idle.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/dialog-error.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/audio-volume-high.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/face-cool.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/network-idle.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/input-mouse.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/user-available.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/preferences-system.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/applications-graphics.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/emblem-mail.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/uninterruptible-power-supply.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/face-sad.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/battery-low-charging.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/go-first.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/face-tired.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/emblem-synchronizing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/preferences-desktop-display.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/trophy-gold.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/preferences-system-network.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/network-error.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/system-users.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/scanner.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/preferences-system-search.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/face-sick.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/video-display.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/face-laugh.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/preferences-system-privacy.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/face-smirk.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/dialog-warning.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/system-software-install.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/audio-volume-muted.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/network-wired-disconnected.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/printer-printing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/document-open-recent.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/computer.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/battery-missing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/drive-optical.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/mail-read.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/go-next.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/appointment-new.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/system-software-update.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/go-first-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/security-medium.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/network-receive.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/user-info.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/system-log-out.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/media-removable.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/applications-development.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/camera-web.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/document-print.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/go-previous-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/go-last-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/process-stop.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/media-flash.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/emote-love.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/battery-full.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/face-angry.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/face-embarrassed.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/document-print-preview.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/camera-photo.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/go-previous.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/go-last.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/preferences-desktop-wallpaper.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/face-smile-big.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/software-update-available.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/battery-caution.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/system-file-manager.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/appointment-soon.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/input-keyboard.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/starred.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/edit-find.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/go-next-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/battery-empty.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/preferences-desktop-locale.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/dialog-question.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/semi-starred.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/edit-delete.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/battery-low.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/battery-good.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/software-update-urgent.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/accessories-calculator.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/trophy-silver.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/input-tablet.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/trophy-bronze.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/preferences-desktop-theme.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/audio-speakers.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/dialog-password.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/preferences-desktop-font.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/media-floppy.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/printer-error.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/ebook-reader.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/non-starred.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/preferences-desktop-screensaver.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/audio-volume-medium.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/computer-fail.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/face-crying.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/dialog-information.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/network-transmit.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/user-invisible.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/appointment-missed.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/multimedia-volume-control.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/edit-find-replace.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/help-browser.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/system-shutdown.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/face-surprise.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/go-jump.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/security-high.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/user-busy.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/battery.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/system-run.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/network-transmit-receive.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/view-refresh.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/system-search.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/preferences-system-notifications.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/input-gaming.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/ac-adapter.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/face-devilish.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/audio-volume-low.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/face-uncertain.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/preferences-desktop-accessibility.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/256x256/legacy/phone.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/insert-text-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/document-print-preview-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/system-run-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/media-playback-stop-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/edit-redo-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/object-rotate-right-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/value-decrease-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/format-justify-right-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/mail-reply-all-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/format-text-bold-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/format-justify-left-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/document-properties-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/object-flip-horizontal-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/go-next-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/application-exit-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/format-indent-less-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/system-search-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/go-up-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/font-select-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/list-remove-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/mail-mark-notjunk-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/media-playback-start-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/go-last-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/view-paged-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/media-skip-forward-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/zoom-fit-best-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/mail-reply-sender-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/media-skip-backward-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/go-first-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/sidebar-hide-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/format-text-strikethrough-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/go-first-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/format-indent-more-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/view-list-ordered-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/format-justify-fill-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/mark-location-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/document-revert-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/system-log-out-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/view-app-grid-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/edit-clear-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/go-bottom-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/appointment-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/process-stop-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/system-reboot-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/edit-copy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/sidebar-show-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/format-text-direction-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/document-save-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/view-sort-ascending-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/mail-message-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/format-indent-more-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/document-send-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/view-pin-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/object-flip-vertical-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/document-open-recent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/view-refresh-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/value-increase-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/media-eject-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/format-text-italic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/view-grid-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/view-sort-descending-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/mail-forward-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/media-skip-backward-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/view-continuous-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/camera-switch-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/format-justify-center-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/document-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/folder-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/error-correct-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/view-more-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/send-to-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/tab-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/edit-find-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/view-mirror-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/edit-undo-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/call-stop-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/help-about-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/star-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/insert-object-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/media-seek-backward-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/format-text-underline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/go-jump-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/edit-cut-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/insert-link-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/go-last-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/edit-redo-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/find-location-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/view-fullscreen-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/view-list-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/document-edit-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/call-start-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/mail-send-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/media-view-subtitles-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/view-reveal-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/document-page-setup-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/view-restore-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/mail-mark-important-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/edit-delete-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/media-seek-forward-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/document-open-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/view-more-horizontal-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/address-book-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/media-record-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/bookmark-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/go-down-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/list-add-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/zoom-original-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/edit-find-replace-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/edit-clear-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/action-unavailable-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/go-home-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/object-rotate-left-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/go-previous-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/mail-mark-junk-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/contact-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/go-jump-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/insert-image-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/edit-clear-all-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/document-print-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/media-skip-forward-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/media-playback-pause-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/media-seek-forward-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/open-menu-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/edit-select-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/media-playback-start-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/format-indent-less-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/go-top-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/edit-paste-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/format-text-direction-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/list-remove-all-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/view-dual-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/view-conceal-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/edit-select-all-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/document-revert-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/zoom-out-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/go-next-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/system-switch-user-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/media-seek-backward-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/zoom-in-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/document-save-as-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/object-select-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/tools-check-spelling-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/color-select-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/view-list-bullet-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/go-previous-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/mail-send-receive-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/edit-undo-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/actions/system-shutdown-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/x-office-drawing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/x-office-drawing-template.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/x-office-document-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/application-x-addon-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/font-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/application-rss+xml-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/x-office-address-book.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/application-x-appliance-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/text-x-script.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/x-office-presentation.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/package-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/application-certificate.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/application-x-executable-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/x-office-calendar.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/audio-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/text-x-preview.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/x-office-document.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/text-html.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/x-office-presentation-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet-template.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/x-office-document-template.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/video-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/application-certificate-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/x-office-presentation-template.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/application-x-addon.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/image-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/x-package-repository.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/font-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/x-office-calendar-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/application-x-firmware.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/package-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/application-x-executable.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/text-x-generic-template.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/application-x-firmware-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/inode-directory.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/image-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/x-office-address-book-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/video-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/text-x-generic-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/x-office-drawing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/text-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/inode-directory-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/mimetypes/audio-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/ui/radio-mixed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/ui/pan-end-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/ui/selection-end-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/ui/checkbox-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/ui/focus-windows-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/ui/focus-legacy-systray-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/ui/window-minimize-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/ui/list-drag-handle-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/ui/window-restore-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/ui/pan-start-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/ui/checkbox-mixed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/ui/tab-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/ui/pan-end-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/ui/selection-start-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/ui/window-maximize-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/ui/pan-start-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/ui/selection-start-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/ui/selection-end-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/ui/window-close-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/ui/window-new-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/ui/radio-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/ui/focus-top-bar-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/ui/radio-checked-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/ui/pan-down-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/ui/pan-up-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/ui/checkbox-checked-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emotes/face-wink-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emotes/face-kiss-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emotes/face-yawn-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emotes/face-shutmouth-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emotes/face-angel-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emotes/face-glasses-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emotes/face-sick-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emotes/face-devilish-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emotes/face-uncertain-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emotes/face-monkey-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emotes/face-crying-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emotes/face-confused-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emotes/face-smile-big-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emotes/face-sad-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emotes/face-angry-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emotes/face-laugh-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emotes/face-tired-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emotes/face-smile-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emotes/emote-love-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emotes/face-embarrassed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emotes/face-surprise-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emotes/face-smirk-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emotes/face-cool-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emotes/face-worried-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emotes/face-raspberry-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emotes/face-plain-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/categories/applications-graphics-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/categories/emoji-travel-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/categories/preferences-other-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/categories/emoji-flags-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/categories/applications-science-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/categories/emoji-objects-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/categories/applications-utilities-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/categories/applications-engineering-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/categories/emoji-recent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/categories/emoji-body-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/categories/emoji-food-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/categories/applications-system-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/categories/applications-multimedia-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/categories/preferences-system-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/categories/emoji-people-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/categories/system-help-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/categories/emoji-symbols-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/categories/applications-games-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/categories/emoji-nature-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/categories/emoji-activities-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/preferences-system-privacy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/preferences-desktop-apps-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/help-browser-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/accessories-calculator-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/system-users-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/utilities-terminal-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/preferences-system-network-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/text-editor-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/preferences-system-devices-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/preferences-system-network-proxy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/help-contents-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/accessories-dictionary-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/preferences-system-time-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/preferences-desktop-wallpaper-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/system-file-manager-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/accessories-text-editor-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/preferences-system-notifications-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/preferences-system-details-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/help-faq-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/preferences-system-search-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/web-browser-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/multimedia-volume-control-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/goa-panel-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/gnome-power-manager-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/preferences-desktop-font-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/preferences-desktop-remote-desktop-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/system-software-install-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/preferences-desktop-accessibility-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/user-info-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/preferences-system-sharing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/preferences-desktop-display-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/accessories-character-map-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/preferences-system-parental-controls-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/applets-screenshooter-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/preferences-desktop-screensaver-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/preferences-color-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/apps/preferences-desktop-locale-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/keyboard-brightness-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/battery-level-30-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/appointment-missed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-cellular-gprs-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/location-services-active-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/mail-read-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-cellular-signal-excellent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/channel-insecure-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/security-low-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-vpn-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/software-update-urgent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/battery-level-0-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/battery-level-10-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/battery-level-100-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/computer-fail-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/airplane-mode-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/location-services-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/battery-missing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/dialog-information-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/dialog-error-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/folder-open-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/changes-allow-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/view-wrapped-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/media-playlist-repeat-song-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/user-idle-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/orientation-portrait-right-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/auth-sim-locked-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-wired-no-route-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-transmit-receive-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/printer-error-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-wireless-offline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/battery-level-80-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/software-update-available-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/touch-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-wired-acquiring-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/media-playlist-repeat-song-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/weather-showers-scattered-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-offline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/audio-volume-low-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-cellular-offline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/screen-shared-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-wireless-encrypted-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/daytime-sunset-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-no-route-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-wireless-hotspot-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/user-invisible-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/weather-snow-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/starred-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/battery-level-0-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-cellular-signal-good-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/orientation-landscape-inverse-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/media-playlist-shuffle-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/user-trash-full.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/display-brightness-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-wireless-signal-good-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/battery-level-60-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/media-playlist-consecutive-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/bluetooth-active-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/alarm-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/security-medium-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-wired-disconnected-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-wireless-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/touchpad-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-idle-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/call-missed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/battery-level-50-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/orientation-landscape-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/image-loading-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/user-away-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-cellular-3g-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/mail-attachment-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-cellular-signal-none-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/image-loading.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/audio-volume-medium-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/battery-level-20-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/notifications-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/battery-level-20-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-cellular-2g-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/microphone-sensitivity-muted-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/media-playlist-consecutive-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/user-offline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/audio-volume-muted-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/view-wrapped-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/channel-secure-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-transmit-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-wireless-signal-none-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/battery-level-70-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/dialog-password-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/avatar-default.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/battery-level-40-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/battery-level-100-charged-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/media-playlist-repeat-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/task-past-due-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/user-available-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/user-not-tracked-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-error-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/call-incoming-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/battery-level-60-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-wired-offline-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/camera-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/folder-drag-accept-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/weather-severe-alert-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-cellular-4g-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-receive-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/orientation-portrait-left-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/folder-visiting-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/semi-starred-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-wireless-signal-weak-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/dialog-warning-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-cellular-signal-ok-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-wireless-connected-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/weather-showers-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-wireless-no-route-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/daytime-sunrise-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-vpn-acquiring-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-cellular-connected-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-cellular-hspa-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/battery-level-50-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/battery-level-70-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/audio-volume-high-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/mail-replied-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/task-due-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/changes-prevent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/microphone-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/user-busy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-wireless-acquiring-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/battery-level-80-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-wireless-signal-ok-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/avatar-default-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/mail-unread-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/user-status-pending-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/weather-clear-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/dialog-question-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-cellular-no-route-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/media-playlist-shuffle-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-cellular-edge-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/auth-sim-missing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/printer-warning-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/battery-level-90-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/image-missing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/battery-level-40-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/call-outgoing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-vpn-no-route-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/weather-windy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/weather-overcast-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/weather-storm-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/bluetooth-disabled-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/microphone-sensitivity-high-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/weather-tornado-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/security-high-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/rotation-locked-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/printer-printing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/semi-starred-symbolic-rtl.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/media-playlist-repeat-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/microphone-sensitivity-medium-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/battery-level-30-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-cellular-signal-weak-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/system-lock-screen-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-wireless-signal-excellent-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/user-trash-full-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/non-starred-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/thunderbolt-acquiring-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/battery-level-10-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/battery-level-90-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/network-cellular-acquiring-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/content-loading-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/rotation-allowed-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/microphone-sensitivity-low-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/appointment-soon-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/night-light-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/weather-fog-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/audio-volume-overamplified-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/folder-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/folder-documents.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/folder-remote-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/user-trash.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/folder-download-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/folder-pictures.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/folder-drag-accept.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/folder-saved-search-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/folder-videos.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/user-desktop-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/folder-remote.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/folder-music-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/folder-pictures-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/folder-templates.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/folder-download.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/folder-templates-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/network-server-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/user-home-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/user-trash-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/folder-publicshare.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/network-workgroup-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/folder-publicshare-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/start-here-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/folder-videos-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/network-workgroup.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/user-home.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/folder-saved-search.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/user-bookmarks.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/folder-music.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/network-server.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/folder-documents-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/folder.png       adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/folder-open.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/user-desktop.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/start-here.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/places/user-bookmarks-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/printer-network-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/drive-harddisk-usb-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/camera-web-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/media-flash-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/network-wireless-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/battery-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/input-dialpad-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/auth-fingerprint-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/tv-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/network-wired-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/uninterruptible-power-supply-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/display-projector-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/drive-harddisk-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/ac-adapter-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/audio-input-microphone-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/drive-multidisk-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/printer-network.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/media-optical-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/input-touchpad-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/input-keyboard-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/video-display-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/modem-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/media-optical-bd-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/phone-old-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/audio-headset-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/camera-video-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/printer.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/auth-smartcard-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/media-tape-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/video-single-display-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/computer.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/drive-harddisk.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/drive-removable-media.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/drive-removable-media-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/input-gaming-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/media-removable-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/media-floppy-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/audio-headphones-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/computer-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/printer-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/drive-harddisk-ieee1394-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/network-cellular-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/input-mouse-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/drive-harddisk-solidstate-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/multimedia-player-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/computer-apple-ipad-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/auth-sim-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/audio-headset.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/audio-card-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/thunderbolt-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/pda-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/media-optical-cd-audio-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/audio-headphones.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/camera-photo-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/scanner-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/multimedia-player-apple-ipod-touch-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/colorimeter-colorhug-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/drive-harddisk-system-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/drive-optical-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/bluetooth-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/media-zip-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/video-joined-displays-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/media-optical.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/input-tablet-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/phone-apple-iphone-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/audio-speakers-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/phone-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/devices/media-optical-dvd-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emblems/emblem-documents-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emblems/emblem-photos-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emblems/emblem-music-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emblems/emblem-synchronizing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emblems/emblem-videos-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emblems/emblem-symbolic-link.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emblems/emblem-unreadable.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emblems/emblem-favorite-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emblems/emblem-readonly.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emblems/emblem-important-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emblems/emblem-ok-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emblems/emblem-default-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emblems/emblem-shared-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emblems/emblem-synchronizing-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emblems/emblem-shared.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/emblems/emblem-system-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/media-seek-forward-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/media-playback-start.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/security-low.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/edit-copy.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/mail-send.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/face-wink.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/face-raspberry.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/mail-message-new.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/applications-office.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/web-browser.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/preferences-desktop-personal.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/applications-internet.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/preferences-system-windows.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/system-lock-screen.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/camera-video.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/face-glasses.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/applications-system.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/media-playlist-shuffle.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/preferences-desktop-peripherals.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/weather-severe-alert.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/face-plain.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/semi-starred-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/network-wired.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/mail-send-receive.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/edit-clear-all.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/battery-caution-charging.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/edit-redo-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/emblem-package.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/object-rotate-left.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/battery-good-charging.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/go-top.png       adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/preferences-desktop-remote-desktop.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/user-away.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/document-revert.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/media-skip-backward.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/mark-location.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/view-sort-descending.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/media-record.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/media-tape.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/input-dialpad.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/battery-full-charging.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/battery-full-charged.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/face-smile.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/preferences-desktop-keyboard.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/user-offline.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/microphone-sensitivity-low.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/accessories-text-editor.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/network-offline.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/preferences-system-sharing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/battery-good-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/weather-fog.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/mail-mark-important.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/format-text-italic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/applets-screenshooter.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/drive-multidisk.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/network-cellular-connected.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/weather-clear.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/face-angel.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/format-text-direction-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/user-idle.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/format-text-underline.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/dialog-error.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/media-eject.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/audio-volume-high.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/face-cool.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/network-idle.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/format-text-bold.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/document-properties.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/input-mouse.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/battery-empty-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/format-justify-left.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/media-playlist-repeat.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/microphone-sensitivity-high.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/document-send.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/bookmark-new.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/mail-replied.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/battery-empty-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/user-available.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/preferences-system.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/weather-storm.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/format-indent-less.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/applications-graphics.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/emblem-mail.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/uninterruptible-power-supply.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/face-sad.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/call-stop.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/emblem-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/battery-low-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/media-skip-forward.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/address-book-new.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/battery-low-charging.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/format-text-direction-ltr.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/battery-caution-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/go-first.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/face-tired.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/format-indent-more-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/battery-caution-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/preferences-desktop-display.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/help-about.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/trophy-gold.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/edit-redo.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/insert-link.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/preferences-system-network.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/battery-full-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/insert-image.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/changes-allow.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/zoom-out.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/mail-mark-unread.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/weather-showers.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/network-error.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/system-users.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/scanner.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/preferences-system-search.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/face-sick.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/applications-science.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/video-display.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/input-touchpad.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/edit-clear.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/face-laugh.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/edit-undo.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/object-flip-vertical.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/media-skip-forward-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/weather-overcast.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/preferences-system-privacy.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/face-smirk.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/dialog-warning.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/system-software-install.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/audio-volume-muted.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/object-rotate-right.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/mail-unread.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/network-wired-disconnected.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/printer-printing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/document-open-recent.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/computer.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/battery-missing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/emblem-downloads.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/drive-optical.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/mail-read.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/object-flip-horizontal.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/contact-new.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/emblem-default.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/go-next.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/appointment-new.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/mail-forward.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/system-software-update.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/audio-card.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/go-first-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/tools-check-spelling.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/insert-object.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/security-medium.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/network-receive.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/applications-games.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/media-playback-pause.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/user-info.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/system-log-out.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/media-removable.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/applications-development.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/camera-web.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/document-print.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/go-previous-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/insert-text.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/go-last-rtl.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/mail-mark-read.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/format-justify-fill.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/edit-cut.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/help-contents.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/process-stop.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/list-remove.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/media-flash.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/emote-love.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/folder-new.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/battery-full.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/face-angry.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/document-page-setup.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/face-embarrassed.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/document-print-preview.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/folder-visiting.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/face-monkey.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/camera-photo.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/go-previous.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/network-wireless.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/document-revert-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/weather-snow.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/go-last.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/window-new.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/format-indent-less-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/preferences-desktop-wallpaper.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/go-home.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/view-sort-ascending.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/face-smile-big.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/network-vpn.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/task-past-due.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/changes-prevent.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/battery-full-charging-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/software-update-available.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/emblem-documents.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/battery-caution.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/weather-few-clouds.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/emblem-favorite.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/applications-utilities.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/system-file-manager.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/appointment-soon.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/media-seek-backward.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/preferences-desktop.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/applications-engineering.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/input-keyboard.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/starred.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/edit-find.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/emblem-system.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/accessories-dictionary.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/utilities-terminal.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/battery-good-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/multimedia-player.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/task-due.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/applications-accessories.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/preferences-other.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/edit-undo-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/go-next-rtl.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/battery-full-charged-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/battery-empty.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/face-kiss.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/mail-attachment.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/preferences-desktop-locale.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/help-faq.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/microphone-sensitivity-muted.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/dialog-question.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/weather-showers-scattered.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/modem.png        adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/go-down.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/media-seek-backward-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/semi-starred.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/edit-delete.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/battery-low.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/battery-good.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/software-update-urgent.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/system-help.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/accessories-calculator.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/edit-paste.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/trophy-silver.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/input-tablet.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/trophy-bronze.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/document-save.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/weather-few-clouds-night.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/preferences-desktop-theme.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/pda.png          adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/media-playback-stop.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/audio-speakers.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/dialog-password.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/preferences-desktop-font.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/media-floppy.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/emblem-web.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/mail-reply-all.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/printer-error.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/ebook-reader.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/non-starred.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/preferences-desktop-screensaver.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/image-missing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/format-justify-center.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/zoom-original.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/mail-mark-junk.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/audio-volume-medium.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/computer-fail.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/face-crying.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/dialog-information.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/call-start.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/mail-mark-notjunk.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/network-transmit.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/document-open.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/face-worried.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/user-invisible.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/weather-clear-night.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/go-bottom.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/document-new.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/appointment-missed.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/battery-low-symbolic.symbolic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/accessories-character-map.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/multimedia-volume-control.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/zoom-in.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/edit-find-replace.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/mail-reply-sender.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/format-indent-more.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/window-close.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/edit-clear-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/go-up.png        adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/help-browser.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/microphone-sensitivity-medium.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/system-shutdown.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/emblem-new.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/face-surprise.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/go-jump.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/security-high.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/view-restore.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/media-playback-start-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/user-busy.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/list-add.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/battery.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/system-run.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/edit-select-all.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/network-transmit-receive.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/view-refresh.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/system-search.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/media-skip-backward-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/emblem-important.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/applications-other.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/preferences-system-notifications.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/input-gaming.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/format-justify-right.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/media-seek-forward.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/application-exit.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/ac-adapter.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/face-devilish.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/emblem-photos.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/document-save-as.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/zoom-fit-best.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/audio-volume-low.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/view-fullscreen.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/face-uncertain.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/emblem-urgent.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/format-text-strikethrough.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/preferences-desktop-accessibility.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/32x32/legacy/phone.png        adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/index.theme                   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/mimetypes/x-office-drawing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/mimetypes/x-office-drawing-template.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/mimetypes/x-office-address-book.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/mimetypes/text-x-script.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/mimetypes/x-office-presentation.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/mimetypes/application-certificate.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/mimetypes/x-office-calendar.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/mimetypes/text-x-preview.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/mimetypes/x-office-document.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/mimetypes/text-html.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet-template.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/mimetypes/x-office-document-template.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/mimetypes/x-office-presentation-template.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/mimetypes/application-x-addon.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/mimetypes/image-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/mimetypes/x-package-repository.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/mimetypes/font-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/mimetypes/application-x-firmware.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/mimetypes/package-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/mimetypes/application-x-executable.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/mimetypes/text-x-generic-template.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/mimetypes/inode-directory.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/mimetypes/video-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/mimetypes/text-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/mimetypes/audio-x-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/status/user-trash-full.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/status/image-loading.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/status/avatar-default.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/status/image-missing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/places/folder-documents.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/places/user-trash.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/places/folder-pictures.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/places/folder-drag-accept.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/places/folder-videos.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/places/folder-remote.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/places/folder-templates.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/places/folder-download.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/places/folder-publicshare.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/places/network-workgroup.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/places/user-home.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/places/folder-saved-search.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/places/user-bookmarks.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/places/folder-music.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/places/network-server.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/places/folder.png       adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/places/folder-open.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/places/user-desktop.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/places/start-here.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/devices/printer-network.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/devices/printer.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/devices/computer.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/devices/drive-harddisk.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/devices/drive-removable-media.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/devices/audio-headset.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/devices/audio-headphones.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/devices/media-optical.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/emblems/emblem-synchronizing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/emblems/emblem-symbolic-link.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/emblems/emblem-unreadable.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/emblems/emblem-readonly.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/emblems/emblem-shared.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/media-seek-forward-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/media-playback-start.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/security-low.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/edit-copy.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/mail-send.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/face-wink.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/face-raspberry.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/mail-message-new.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/applications-office.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/web-browser.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/preferences-desktop-personal.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/applications-internet.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/network-wireless-encrypted.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/preferences-system-windows.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/system-lock-screen.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/camera-video.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/face-glasses.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/applications-system.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/media-playlist-shuffle.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/preferences-desktop-peripherals.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/weather-severe-alert.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/face-plain.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/semi-starred-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/network-wired.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/mail-send-receive.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/edit-clear-all.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/battery-caution-charging.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/edit-redo-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/emblem-package.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/object-rotate-left.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/battery-good-charging.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/go-top.png       adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/preferences-desktop-remote-desktop.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/user-away.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/document-revert.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/media-skip-backward.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/mark-location.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/view-sort-descending.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/media-record.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/media-tape.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/input-dialpad.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/battery-full-charging.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/battery-full-charged.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/face-smile.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/preferences-desktop-keyboard.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/user-offline.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/microphone-sensitivity-low.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/accessories-text-editor.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/network-offline.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/preferences-system-sharing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/weather-fog.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/mail-mark-important.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/format-text-italic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/applets-screenshooter.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/drive-multidisk.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/network-cellular-connected.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/weather-clear.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/face-angel.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/format-text-direction-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/user-idle.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/format-text-underline.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/dialog-error.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/media-eject.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/audio-volume-high.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/face-cool.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/network-idle.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/format-text-bold.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/document-properties.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/mail-signed-verified.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/input-mouse.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/format-justify-left.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/media-playlist-repeat.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/microphone-sensitivity-high.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/document-send.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/bookmark-new.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/mail-replied.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/user-available.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/preferences-system.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/weather-storm.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/format-indent-less.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/applications-graphics.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/emblem-mail.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/uninterruptible-power-supply.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/face-sad.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/call-stop.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/emblem-generic.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/media-skip-forward.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/address-book-new.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/battery-low-charging.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/format-text-direction-ltr.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/go-first.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/face-tired.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/format-indent-more-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/preferences-desktop-display.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/help-about.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/trophy-gold.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/edit-redo.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/insert-link.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/preferences-system-network.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/insert-image.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/changes-allow.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/zoom-out.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/mail-mark-unread.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/weather-showers.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/network-error.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/system-users.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/scanner.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/preferences-system-search.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/face-sick.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/applications-science.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/video-display.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/input-touchpad.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/edit-clear.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/face-laugh.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/edit-undo.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/object-flip-vertical.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/media-skip-forward-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/weather-overcast.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/preferences-system-privacy.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/face-smirk.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/dialog-warning.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/system-software-install.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/audio-volume-muted.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/object-rotate-right.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/mail-unread.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/network-wired-disconnected.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/printer-printing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/document-open-recent.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/computer.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/battery-missing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/emblem-downloads.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/drive-optical.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/mail-read.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/object-flip-horizontal.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/contact-new.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/emblem-default.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/go-next.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/appointment-new.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/mail-forward.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/system-software-update.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/audio-card.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/go-first-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/tools-check-spelling.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/insert-object.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/security-medium.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/network-receive.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/applications-games.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/media-playback-pause.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/user-info.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/system-log-out.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/media-removable.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/applications-development.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/camera-web.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/document-print.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/go-previous-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/insert-text.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/go-last-rtl.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/mail-mark-read.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/format-justify-fill.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/edit-cut.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/help-contents.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/process-stop.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/list-remove.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/media-flash.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/emote-love.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/folder-new.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/battery-full.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/face-angry.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/document-page-setup.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/face-embarrassed.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/document-print-preview.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/folder-visiting.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/face-monkey.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/camera-photo.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/go-previous.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/network-wireless.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/document-revert-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/weather-snow.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/go-last.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/window-new.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/format-indent-less-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/preferences-desktop-wallpaper.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/go-home.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/view-sort-ascending.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/face-smile-big.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/network-vpn.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/task-past-due.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/changes-prevent.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/software-update-available.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/emblem-documents.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/battery-caution.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/weather-few-clouds.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/emblem-favorite.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/applications-utilities.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/system-file-manager.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/appointment-soon.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/media-seek-backward.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/preferences-desktop.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/applications-engineering.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/input-keyboard.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/starred.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/edit-find.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/emblem-system.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/accessories-dictionary.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/utilities-terminal.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/multimedia-player.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/task-due.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/applications-accessories.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/preferences-other.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/edit-undo-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/go-next-rtl.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/battery-empty.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/face-kiss.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/mail-attachment.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/preferences-desktop-locale.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/help-faq.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/microphone-sensitivity-muted.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/dialog-question.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/weather-showers-scattered.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/modem.png        adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/go-down.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/mail-signed.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/media-seek-backward-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/semi-starred.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/edit-delete.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/battery-low.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/battery-good.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/software-update-urgent.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/system-help.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/accessories-calculator.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/edit-paste.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/trophy-silver.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/input-tablet.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/trophy-bronze.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/document-save.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/weather-few-clouds-night.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/preferences-desktop-theme.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/pda.png          adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/media-playback-stop.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/audio-speakers.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/dialog-password.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/preferences-desktop-font.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/media-floppy.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/emblem-web.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/mail-reply-all.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/printer-error.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/ebook-reader.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/non-starred.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/preferences-desktop-screensaver.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/image-missing.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/format-justify-center.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/zoom-original.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/mail-mark-junk.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/audio-volume-medium.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/computer-fail.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/face-crying.png  adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/dialog-information.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/call-start.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/mail-mark-notjunk.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/network-transmit.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/document-open.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/face-worried.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/user-invisible.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/weather-clear-night.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/go-bottom.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/document-new.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/appointment-missed.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/accessories-character-map.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/multimedia-volume-control.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/zoom-in.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/edit-find-replace.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/mail-reply-sender.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/format-indent-more.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/window-close.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/edit-clear-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/go-up.png        adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/help-browser.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/microphone-sensitivity-medium.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/system-shutdown.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/emblem-new.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/face-surprise.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/go-jump.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/security-high.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/view-restore.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/tab-new.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/media-playback-start-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/user-busy.png    adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/list-add.png     adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/battery.png      adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/system-run.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/edit-select-all.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/network-transmit-receive.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/view-refresh.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/system-search.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/media-skip-backward-rtl.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/emblem-important.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/applications-other.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/preferences-system-notifications.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/input-gaming.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/format-justify-right.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/media-seek-forward.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/application-exit.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/ac-adapter.png   adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/face-devilish.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/emblem-photos.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/document-save-as.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/zoom-fit-best.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/audio-volume-low.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/view-fullscreen.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/face-uncertain.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/emblem-urgent.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/format-text-strikethrough.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/preferences-desktop-accessibility.png adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/22x22/legacy/phone.png        adwaita-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/hicolor-icon-theme/LICENSE              hicolor-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/index.theme                   hicolor-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/iso-codes.pc                        iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/iso-codes/LICENSE                       iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xml/iso-codes/iso_15924.xml                 iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xml/iso-codes/iso_639_5.xml                 iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xml/iso-codes/iso_639_3.xml                 iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xml/iso-codes/iso_639-5.xml                 iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xml/iso-codes/iso_639-3.xml                 iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xml/iso-codes/iso_3166_2.xml                iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xml/iso-codes/iso_3166-2.xml                iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xml/iso-codes/iso_3166.xml                  iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xml/iso-codes/iso_3166-3.xml                iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xml/iso-codes/iso_639-2.xml                 iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xml/iso-codes/iso_4217.xml                  iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xml/iso-codes/iso_639.xml                   iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xml/iso-codes/iso_3166-1.xml                iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/iso-codes/json/iso_639-3.json               iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/iso-codes/json/iso_639-5.json               iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/iso-codes/json/iso_639-2.json               iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/iso-codes/json/schema-3166-1.json           iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/iso-codes/json/iso_4217.json                iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/iso-codes/json/schema-639-3.json            iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/iso-codes/json/iso_3166-2.json              iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/iso-codes/json/iso_3166-1.json              iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/iso-codes/json/schema-3166-3.json           iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/iso-codes/json/schema-639-2.json            iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/iso-codes/json/iso_15924.json               iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/iso-codes/json/iso_3166-3.json              iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/iso-codes/json/schema-3166-2.json           iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/iso-codes/json/schema-15924.json            iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/iso-codes/json/schema-4217.json             iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/iso-codes/json/schema-639-5.json            iso-codes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/lxde-icon-theme/LICENSE                 lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/up.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/window_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/edit-copy.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_save.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/text_strike.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_new-appointment.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-close.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/editdelete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/filesaveas.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/mail-message-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/editcut.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/system-lock-screen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-unindent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-find-and-replace.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_new-address-book.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/reload_page.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-add.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/tab_new.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_cut.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/mail-send-receive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/bookmark_add.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_text_indent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_save-as.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/down.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/go-top.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-new.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/filenew.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/fileprint.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-select-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gnome-stock-mail-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gnome-shutdown.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/add.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-unindent-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_text_bold.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/xfce-system-lock.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_help-add-bookmark.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/text_bold.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-cdrom.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gnome-stock-text-indent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stop.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-goto-first-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_new-text.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_redo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/format-text-italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_first.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-refresh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/format-text-underline.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/kfm_home.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-remove.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/bookmarks_list_add.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/filequickprint.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/format-text-bold.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/document-properties.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-no.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-justify-center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/format-justify-left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_text_left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/bookmark-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-justify-right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-indent-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-goto-top.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_new-window.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/format-indent-less.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_undo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/reload3.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-redo-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-yes.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_text_underlined.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/address-book-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/go-first.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_select-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-indent-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/mail_new.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/start.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/view_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/mail_reply.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-find.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/edit-redo.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gohome.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/kfind.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/dialog-cancel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_top.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/fileopen.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-bold.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-go-up.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/redo.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_up.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/edit-undo.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/centrejust.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-apply.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_refresh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_copy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/filesave.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-cut.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_mail-forward.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/contact-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-paste.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/go-next.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_new-dir.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/appointment-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_mail-compose.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/mail-forward.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/rightjust.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/top.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/system-log-out.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-go-back-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/document-print.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-print.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/remove.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/previous.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-ok.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/format-justify-fill.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/edit-cut.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/help-contents.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/process-stop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/list-remove.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-goto-last-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/folder-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/document-print-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/go-previous.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_text_unindent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-save.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/go-last.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/window-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/appointment.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/editcopy.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/go-home.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/window_new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/mail_replyall.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-go-down.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_new-bcard.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_bottom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_search-and-replace.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_add-bookmark.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_text_right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/edit-find.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-properties.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/forward.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/bookmark.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_new-tab.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_stop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_text_justify.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/go-down.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_text_italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-indent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/find.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/edit-delete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/edit-paste.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_text_center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/document-save.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-underline.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/lock.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/next.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-go-forward-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-save-as.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/reload.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/mail-reply-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_mail-reply.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/text_under.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_spam.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_properties.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-print-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/editpaste.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-go-forward-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_last.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/format-justify-center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/redhat-home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-go-back-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gnome-searchtool.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-open.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/back.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/mail-mark-junk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_file-properites.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-home.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/mail_spam.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/search.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-undo-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/bottom.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_print.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-goto-bottom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/finish.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/document-open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/go-bottom.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/document-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-copy.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-goto-last-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gnome-stock-text-unindent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/reload_all_tabs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/edit-find-replace.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/mail-reply-sender.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/format-indent-more.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/window-close.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-cancel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-stop.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_mail-reply-to-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/go-up.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/system-shutdown.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/undo.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/tab-new.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/list-add.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-goto-first-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/edit-select-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/leftjust.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/view-refresh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gnome-lockscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/system-search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/mail_forward.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-strikethrough.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_exit.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/format-justify-right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_down.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-unindent-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/application-exit.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_print-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/document-save-as.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-justify-fill.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_paste.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/view-fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/gtk-justify-left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/text_italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/format-text-strikethrough.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_mail-send-receive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/stock_text-strikethrough.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/filefind.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/actions/folder_new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-audio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/folder_tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-ogg.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/binary.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-psd.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-jar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kword.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-css.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/document.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/txt.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-php.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/ascii.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/mime_ascii.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-x-font-afm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/txt2.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/empty.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-afm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/text-x-copying.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/text-x-script.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/zip.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/www.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-dvi.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-perl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/text-x-source.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-killustrator.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-png.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-python-bytecode.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-fs-regular.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/font_type1.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-sh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csharp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compressed-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-fs-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroEnabled.12.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/font.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/tar.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/template_source.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/text-x-authors.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-ms-dos-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-word.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-python.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/text-x-readme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-gif.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-zip.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-copying.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tarz.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/text-x-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/package.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/package_wordprocessing.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tex.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/x-office-document.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/sound.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzpostscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/shellscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c++src.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/text-html.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-install.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-bmp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/tgz.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/text2.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-credits.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzip.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/package_editors.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/text-x-install.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-makefile.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/misc.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-ttf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-authors.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-html.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/image-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rpm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-linux-psf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-zsh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csrc.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.writer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-tiff.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-wordperfect.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/text-x-changelog.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-vnd.wap.wml.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-chdr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-scribus.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-pcf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-msword.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/font-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/unknown.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-postscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-changelog.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-rtf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/stock_script.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/rpm.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-abiword.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-java-archive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-cmu-raster.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-7z-compressed.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-sunos-news.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-package.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-xpixmap.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/deb.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/font_bitmap.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c++.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-readme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/package-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio-compressed.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/application-x-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/text-x-generic-template.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-shellscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-portable-bitmap.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-bdf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lha.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-jpeg.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lhz.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/wordprocessing.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/font_truetype.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-theme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-stuffit.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/image.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compress.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/text-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/html.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-xhtml+xml.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-xcf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-deb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/audio-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/exec.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-archive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-arj.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/text.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-pdf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/applications-office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/applications-internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/applications-system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/xfce-multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/gnome-globe.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/gnome-multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/xfce-system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/gnome-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/package_network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/redhat-office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/applications-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/gnome-settings.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/redhat-programming.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/package_system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/gnome-applications.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/xfce4-settings.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/redhat-preferences.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/gtk-preferences.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/stock_internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/gnome-devel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/kcontrol.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/applications-multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/applications-development.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/applications-utilities.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/preferences-desktop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/xfce-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/applications-accessories.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/redhat-system_tools.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/redhat-internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/redhat-accessories.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/package_graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/gnome-control-center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/xfce-utils.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/gnome-system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/xfce-internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/xfce-office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/xfce-devel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/package_multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/redhat-sound_video.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/package_utilities.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/redhat-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/package_development.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/package_office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/categories/gnome-util.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/clock.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/help.png          lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/ksysguard.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/web-browser.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/gnome-session-halt.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/khelpcenter.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/xfce-terminal.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/preferences-system-windows.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/kwin.png          lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/susehelpcenter.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/xfwm4.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/gtkpod.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/gtk-help.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/browser.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/redhat-email.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/screensaver.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/file-manager.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/accessories-text-editor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/file-roller.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/kscreensaver.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/internet-mail.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/gnome-session-logout.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/xfce-filemanager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/konsole.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/gnome-help.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/rhythmbox-tray-icon.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/mozilla-thunderbird.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/redhat-filemanager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/system-users.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/text-editor.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/gnome-app-install.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/gnome-settings-default-applications.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/update-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/xscreensaver.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/system-software-update.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/terminal.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/user-info.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/kfm.png           lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/mozilla-firefox.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/access.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/music-player.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/xfce-man.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/gnome-session-hibernate.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/openterm.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/firefox.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/system-file-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/gnome-logout.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/gnome-terminal.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/accessories-archiver.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/utilities-terminal.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/nautilus-cd-burner.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/rhythmbox.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/email.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/gthumb.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/redhat-web-browser.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/utilities-system-monitor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/evolution.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/gnome-window-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/preferences-desktop-theme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/mail_generic.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/config-users.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/gnome-settings-accessibility-technologies.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/xfce-edit.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/gnome-screenshot.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/xfce-mail.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/gnome-settings-theme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/internet-web-browser.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/preferences-desktop-screensaver.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/gnome-session-suspend.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/accessibility-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/gnome-session-reboot.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/stock_help.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/kcmkwm.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/help-browser.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/users.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/thunderbird.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/gnome-monitor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/gnome-session-switch.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/gnome-panel-screenshot.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/firefox-icon.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/preferences-desktop-accessibility.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/apps/kedit.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/volume-min.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/stock_volume-mute.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/stock_trash_full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/stock_open.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/folder-drag-accept.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/gnome-fs-loading-icon.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/dialog-error.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/audio-volume-high.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/gtk-dialog-error.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/user-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/stock_volume-med.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/messagebox_critical.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/stock_volume-max.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/volume-0.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/dialog-warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/volume-max.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/audio-volume-muted.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/image-loading.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/trashcan_full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/stock_volume-min.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/gnome-fs-directory-visiting.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/messagebox_warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/volume-med.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/gnome-fs-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/folder-visiting.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/gnome-fs-directory-accept.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/stock_dialog-warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/folder_open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/important.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/xfce-trash_full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/audio-volume-medium.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/edittrash.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/stock_volume.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/error.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/stock_dialog-error.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/stock_volume-0.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/gtk-dialog-warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/folder-open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/gnome-stock-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/status/audio-volume-low.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/desktop.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/gnome-fs-share.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/gnome-stock-trash.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/user-trash.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/server.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/folder-remote.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/netnetwork_local.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/netgnome-fs-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/gnome-fs-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/application-x-gnome-saved-search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/netgtk-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/folder-remote-nfs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/stock_folder.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/gnome-fs-desktop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/gnome-fs-home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/emptytrash.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/gnome-fs-ftp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/netgnome-mime-x-directory-smb-workgroup.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/folder-remote-ssh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/gtk-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/gtk-delete.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/gnome-fs-nfs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/folder-remote-smb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/gnome-fs-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/gnome-fs-smb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/network_local.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/gtk-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/folder_home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/xfce-trash_empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/network-workgroup.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/user-home.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-workgroup.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/network.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/inode-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/folder-saved-search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/folder-remote-ftp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/network-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/gnome-fs-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/folder.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/trashcan_empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/gnome-fs-ssh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/redhat-network-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/user-desktop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/places/stock_delete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-media-ms.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/system.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/media-dvd.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gtk-cdrom.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom-audio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-trash-empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-keyboard.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/media-dvdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/cdwriter_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-dvd.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-printer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/printer.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-media-memory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-media-cf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/computer.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/drive-optical.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-floppy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/media-cdrom-audio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/drive-harddisk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/drive-removable-media.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/camera_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-1394.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/harddrive.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/dvd_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-removable-1394.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/media-flash.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-ipod.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/camera-photo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-media-sdmmc.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/media-cdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-removable-usb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gtk-harddisk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/media-cdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/yast_idetude.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-usb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/input-keyboard.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-removable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/multimedia-player.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/yast_HD.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-printer-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/media-floppy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/camera.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-media-sm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-fs-client.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/hdd_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-printer-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr-plus.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdram.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/media-optical.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/cdrom_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-computer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/gnome-dev-symlink.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/devices/usbpendrive_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/filesystems/gnome-fs-share.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/filesystems/gnome-fs-ftp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/filesystems/gnome-fs-nfs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/filesystems/gnome-fs-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/filesystems/placeholder lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/filesystems/gnome-fs-smb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/96x96/filesystems/gnome-fs-ssh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/up.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/window_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/edit-copy.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_save.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/text_strike.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_new-appointment.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-close.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/editdelete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/filesaveas.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/mail-message-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/editcut.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/system-lock-screen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-unindent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-find-and-replace.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_new-address-book.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/reload_page.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-add.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/tab_new.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_cut.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/mail-send-receive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/bookmark_add.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_text_indent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_save-as.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/down.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/go-top.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-new.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/filenew.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/fileprint.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-select-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gnome-stock-mail-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gnome-shutdown.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/add.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-unindent-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_text_bold.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/xfce-system-lock.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_help-add-bookmark.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/text_bold.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-cdrom.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gnome-stock-text-indent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stop.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-goto-first-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_new-text.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_redo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/format-text-italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_first.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-refresh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/format-text-underline.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/kfm_home.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-remove.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/bookmarks_list_add.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/filequickprint.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/format-text-bold.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/document-properties.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-no.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-justify-center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/format-justify-left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_text_left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/bookmark-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-justify-right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-indent-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-goto-top.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_new-window.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/format-indent-less.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_undo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/reload3.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-redo-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-yes.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_text_underlined.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/address-book-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/go-first.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_select-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-indent-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/mail_new.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/start.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/view_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/mail_reply.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-find.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/edit-redo.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gohome.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/kfind.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/dialog-cancel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_top.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/fileopen.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-bold.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-go-up.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/redo.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_up.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/edit-undo.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/centrejust.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-apply.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_refresh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_copy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/filesave.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-cut.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_mail-forward.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/contact-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-paste.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/go-next.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_new-dir.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/appointment-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_mail-compose.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/mail-forward.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/rightjust.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/top.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/system-log-out.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-go-back-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/document-print.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-print.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/remove.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/previous.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-ok.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/format-justify-fill.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/edit-cut.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/help-contents.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/process-stop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/list-remove.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-goto-last-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/folder-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/document-print-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/go-previous.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_text_unindent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-save.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/go-last.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/window-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/appointment.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/editcopy.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/go-home.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/window_new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/mail_replyall.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-go-down.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_new-bcard.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_bottom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_search-and-replace.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_add-bookmark.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_text_right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/edit-find.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-properties.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/forward.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/bookmark.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_new-tab.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_stop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_text_justify.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/go-down.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_text_italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-indent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/find.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/edit-delete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/edit-paste.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_text_center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/document-save.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-underline.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/lock.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/next.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-go-forward-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-save-as.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/reload.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/mail-reply-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_mail-reply.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/text_under.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_spam.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_properties.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-print-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/editpaste.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-go-forward-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_last.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/format-justify-center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/redhat-home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-go-back-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gnome-searchtool.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-open.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/back.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/mail-mark-junk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_file-properites.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-home.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/mail_spam.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/search.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-undo-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/bottom.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_print.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-goto-bottom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/finish.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/document-open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/go-bottom.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/document-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-copy.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-goto-last-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gnome-stock-text-unindent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/reload_all_tabs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/edit-find-replace.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/mail-reply-sender.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/format-indent-more.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/window-close.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-cancel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-stop.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_mail-reply-to-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/go-up.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/system-shutdown.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/undo.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/tab-new.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/list-add.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-goto-first-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/edit-select-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/leftjust.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/view-refresh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gnome-lockscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/system-search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/mail_forward.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-strikethrough.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_exit.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/format-justify-right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_down.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-unindent-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/application-exit.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_print-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/document-save-as.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-justify-fill.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_paste.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/view-fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/gtk-justify-left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/text_italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/format-text-strikethrough.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_mail-send-receive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/stock_text-strikethrough.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/filefind.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/actions/folder_new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-audio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/folder_tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-ogg.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/binary.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-psd.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-jar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kword.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-css.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/document.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/txt.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-php.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/ascii.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/mime_ascii.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-x-font-afm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/txt2.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/empty.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-afm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/text-x-copying.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/text-x-script.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/zip.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/www.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-dvi.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-perl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/text-x-source.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-killustrator.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-png.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-python-bytecode.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-fs-regular.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/font_type1.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-sh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csharp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compressed-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-fs-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroEnabled.12.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/font.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/tar.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/template_source.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/text-x-authors.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-ms-dos-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-word.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-python.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/text-x-readme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-gif.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-zip.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-copying.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tarz.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/text-x-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/package.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/package_wordprocessing.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tex.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/x-office-document.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/sound.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzpostscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/shellscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c++src.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/text-html.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-install.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-bmp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/tgz.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/text2.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-credits.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzip.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/package_editors.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/text-x-install.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-makefile.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/misc.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-ttf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-authors.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-html.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/image-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rpm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-linux-psf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-zsh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csrc.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.writer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-tiff.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-wordperfect.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/text-x-changelog.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-vnd.wap.wml.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-chdr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-scribus.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-pcf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-msword.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/font-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/unknown.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-postscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-changelog.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-rtf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/stock_script.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/rpm.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-abiword.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-java-archive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-cmu-raster.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-7z-compressed.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-sunos-news.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-package.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-xpixmap.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/deb.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/font_bitmap.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c++.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-readme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/package-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio-compressed.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/application-x-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/text-x-generic-template.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-shellscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-portable-bitmap.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-bdf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lha.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-jpeg.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lhz.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/wordprocessing.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/font_truetype.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-theme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-stuffit.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/image.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compress.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/text-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/html.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-xhtml+xml.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-xcf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-deb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/audio-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/exec.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-archive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-arj.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/text.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-pdf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/emotes/placeholder     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/applications-office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/applications-internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/applications-system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/xfce-multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/gnome-globe.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/gnome-multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/xfce-system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/gnome-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/package_network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/redhat-office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/applications-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/gnome-settings.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/redhat-programming.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/package_system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/gnome-applications.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/xfce4-settings.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/redhat-preferences.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/gtk-preferences.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/stock_internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/gnome-devel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/kcontrol.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/applications-multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/applications-development.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/applications-utilities.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/preferences-desktop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/xfce-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/applications-accessories.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/redhat-system_tools.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/redhat-internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/redhat-accessories.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/package_graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/gnome-control-center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/xfce-utils.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/gnome-system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/xfce-internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/xfce-office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/xfce-devel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/package_multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/redhat-sound_video.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/package_utilities.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/redhat-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/package_development.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/package_office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/categories/gnome-util.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/clock.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/help.png          lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/ksysguard.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/web-browser.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/gnome-session-halt.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/khelpcenter.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/xfce-terminal.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/preferences-system-windows.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/kwin.png          lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/susehelpcenter.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/xfwm4.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/gtkpod.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/gtk-help.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/browser.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/redhat-email.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/screensaver.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/file-manager.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/accessories-text-editor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/file-roller.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/kscreensaver.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/internet-mail.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/gnome-session-logout.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/xfce-filemanager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/konsole.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/gnome-help.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/rhythmbox-tray-icon.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/mozilla-thunderbird.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/redhat-filemanager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/system-users.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/text-editor.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/gnome-app-install.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/gnome-settings-default-applications.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/update-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/xscreensaver.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/system-software-update.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/terminal.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/user-info.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/kfm.png           lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/mozilla-firefox.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/access.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/music-player.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/xfce-man.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/gnome-session-hibernate.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/openterm.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/firefox.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/system-file-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/gnome-logout.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/gnome-terminal.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/accessories-archiver.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/utilities-terminal.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/nautilus-cd-burner.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/rhythmbox.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/email.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/gthumb.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/redhat-web-browser.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/utilities-system-monitor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/evolution.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/gnome-window-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/preferences-desktop-theme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/mail_generic.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/config-users.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/gnome-settings-accessibility-technologies.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/xfce-edit.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/gnome-screenshot.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/xfce-mail.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/gnome-settings-theme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/internet-web-browser.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/preferences-desktop-screensaver.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/gnome-session-suspend.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/accessibility-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/gnome-session-reboot.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/stock_help.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/kcmkwm.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/help-browser.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/users.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/thunderbird.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/gnome-monitor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/gnome-session-switch.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/gnome-panel-screenshot.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/firefox-icon.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/preferences-desktop-accessibility.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/apps/kedit.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/volume-min.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/stock_volume-mute.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/stock_trash_full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/stock_open.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/folder-drag-accept.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/gnome-fs-loading-icon.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/dialog-error.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/audio-volume-high.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/gtk-dialog-error.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/user-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/stock_volume-med.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/messagebox_critical.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/stock_volume-max.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/volume-0.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/dialog-warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/volume-max.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/audio-volume-muted.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/image-loading.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/trashcan_full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/stock_volume-min.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/gnome-fs-directory-visiting.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/messagebox_warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/volume-med.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/gnome-fs-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/folder-visiting.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/gnome-fs-directory-accept.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/stock_dialog-warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/folder_open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/important.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/xfce-trash_full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/audio-volume-medium.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/edittrash.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/stock_volume.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/error.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/stock_dialog-error.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/stock_volume-0.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/gtk-dialog-warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/folder-open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/gnome-stock-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/status/audio-volume-low.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/desktop.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/gnome-fs-share.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/gnome-stock-trash.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/user-trash.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/server.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/folder-remote.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/netnetwork_local.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/netgnome-fs-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/gnome-fs-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/application-x-gnome-saved-search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/netgtk-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/folder-remote-nfs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/stock_folder.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/gnome-fs-desktop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/gnome-fs-home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/emptytrash.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/gnome-fs-ftp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/netgnome-mime-x-directory-smb-workgroup.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/folder-remote-ssh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/gtk-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/gtk-delete.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/gnome-fs-nfs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/folder-remote-smb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/gnome-fs-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/gnome-fs-smb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/network_local.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/gtk-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/folder_home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/xfce-trash_empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/network-workgroup.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/user-home.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-workgroup.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/network.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/inode-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/folder-saved-search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/folder-remote-ftp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/network-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/gnome-fs-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/folder.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/trashcan_empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/gnome-fs-ssh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/redhat-network-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/user-desktop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/places/stock_delete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-media-ms.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/system.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/media-dvd.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gtk-cdrom.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom-audio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-trash-empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-keyboard.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/media-dvdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/cdwriter_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-dvd.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-printer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/printer.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-media-memory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-media-cf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/computer.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/drive-optical.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-floppy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/media-cdrom-audio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/drive-harddisk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/drive-removable-media.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/camera_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-1394.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/harddrive.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/dvd_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-removable-1394.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/media-flash.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-ipod.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/camera-photo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-media-sdmmc.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/media-cdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-removable-usb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gtk-harddisk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/media-cdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/yast_idetude.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-usb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/input-keyboard.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-removable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/multimedia-player.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/yast_HD.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-printer-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/media-floppy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/camera.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-media-sm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-fs-client.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/hdd_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-printer-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr-plus.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdram.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/media-optical.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/cdrom_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-computer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/gnome-dev-symlink.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/devices/usbpendrive_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/emblems/placeholder    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/filesystems/gnome-fs-share.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/filesystems/gnome-fs-ftp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/filesystems/gnome-fs-nfs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/filesystems/gnome-fs-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/filesystems/placeholder lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/filesystems/gnome-fs-smb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/64x64/filesystems/gnome-fs-ssh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/up.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/window_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/edit-copy.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_save.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/text_strike.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-close.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/editdelete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/filesaveas.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/mail-message-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/editcut.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/system-lock-screen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-unindent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-find-and-replace.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_new-address-book.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/reload_page.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-add.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/tab_new.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_cut.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/mail-send-receive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/bookmark_add.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_text_indent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_save-as.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/down.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/go-top.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-new.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/filenew.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/fileprint.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/add.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_text_bold.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/xfce-system-lock.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_help-add-bookmark.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/text_bold.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-cdrom.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gnome-stock-text-indent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stop.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-goto-first-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_new-text.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_redo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/format-text-italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_first.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-refresh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/format-text-underline.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/kfm_home.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-remove.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/bookmarks_list_add.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/filequickprint.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/format-text-bold.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/document-properties.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-no.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-justify-center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/format-justify-left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_text_left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/bookmark-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-justify-right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-goto-top.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/format-indent-less.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_undo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/reload3.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-redo-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-yes.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_text_underlined.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/address-book-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/go-first.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_select-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/mail_new.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/start.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/view_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-find.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/edit-redo.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gohome.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/kfind.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_top.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/fileopen.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-bold.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-go-up.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/redo.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_up.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/edit-undo.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/centrejust.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-apply.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_refresh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_copy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/filesave.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-cut.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_mail-forward.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/contact-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-paste.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/go-next.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_new-dir.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/appointment-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_mail-compose.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/mail-forward.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/rightjust.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/top.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-go-back-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/document-print.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-print.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/remove.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/previous.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-ok.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/format-justify-fill.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/edit-cut.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/process-stop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/list-remove.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-goto-last-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/folder-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/document-print-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/go-previous.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_text_unindent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-save.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/go-last.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/window-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/appointment.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/editcopy.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/go-home.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/window_new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/mail_replyall.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-go-down.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_new-bcard.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_bottom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_search-and-replace.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_add-bookmark.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_text_right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/edit-find.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-properties.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/forward.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/bookmark.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_new-tab.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_stop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_text_justify.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/go-down.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_text_italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-indent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/find.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/edit-delete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/edit-paste.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_text_center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/document-save.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-underline.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/lock.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/next.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-go-forward-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-save-as.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/reload.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/mail-reply-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_mail-reply.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/text_under.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-print-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/editpaste.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-go-forward-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_last.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/format-justify-center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/redhat-home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-go-back-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gnome-searchtool.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-open.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/back.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/mail-mark-junk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_file-properites.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-home.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/mail_spam.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/search.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-undo-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/bottom.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_print.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-goto-bottom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/finish.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/document-open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/go-bottom.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/document-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-copy.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-goto-last-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gnome-stock-text-unindent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/reload_all_tabs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/edit-find-replace.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/mail-reply-sender.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/format-indent-more.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-cancel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-stop.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_mail-reply-to-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/go-up.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/system-shutdown.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/undo.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/tab-new.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/list-add.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-goto-first-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/edit-select-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/leftjust.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/view-refresh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gnome-lockscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/system-search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/mail_forward.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-strikethrough.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_exit.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/format-justify-right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_down.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_print-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/document-save-as.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-justify-fill.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_paste.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/gtk-justify-left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/text_italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/format-text-strikethrough.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_mail-send-receive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/stock_text-strikethrough.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/filefind.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/actions/folder_new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-audio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/folder_tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-ogg.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/binary.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-psd.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-jar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-css.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/document.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/txt.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-php.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/ascii.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/mime_ascii.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-x-font-afm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/txt2.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/empty.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-afm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/text-x-copying.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/text-x-script.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/zip.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/www.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-dvi.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-perl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/text-x-source.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-killustrator.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-png.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-python-bytecode.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-fs-regular.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/font_type1.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-sh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csharp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compressed-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-fs-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/font.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/tar.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/template_source.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/text-x-authors.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-ms-dos-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-word.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-python.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/text-x-readme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-gif.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-zip.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-copying.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tarz.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/package.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/package_wordprocessing.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tex.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/x-office-document.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/sound.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzpostscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/shellscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c++src.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/text-html.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-install.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-bmp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/tgz.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/text2.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-credits.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzip.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/package_editors.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/text-x-install.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-makefile.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/misc.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-ttf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-authors.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-html.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/image-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rpm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-linux-psf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-zsh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csrc.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.writer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-tiff.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-wordperfect.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/text-x-changelog.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-vnd.wap.wml.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-chdr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-scribus.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-pcf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-msword.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/font-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/unknown.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-postscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-changelog.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-rtf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/stock_script.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/rpm.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-abiword.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-java-archive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-cmu-raster.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-7z-compressed.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-sunos-news.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-package.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-xpixmap.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/deb.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/font_bitmap.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c++.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-readme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/package-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio-compressed.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/application-x-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/text-x-generic-template.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-shellscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-portable-bitmap.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-bdf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lha.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-jpeg.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lhz.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/wordprocessing.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/font_truetype.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-theme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-stuffit.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/image.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compress.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/text-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/html.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-xhtml+xml.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-xcf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-deb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/audio-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/exec.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-archive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-arj.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/text.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-pdf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/emotes/placeholder     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/applications-office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/applications-internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/applications-system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/xfce-multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/gnome-globe.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/gnome-multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/xfce-system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/gnome-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/package_network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/redhat-office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/applications-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/gnome-settings.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/redhat-programming.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/package_system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/gnome-applications.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/xfce4-settings.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/redhat-preferences.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/gtk-preferences.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/stock_internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/gnome-devel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/kcontrol.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/applications-multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/applications-development.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/preferences-desktop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/xfce-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/applications-accessories.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/redhat-system_tools.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/redhat-internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/redhat-accessories.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/package_graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/gnome-control-center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/xfce-utils.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/gnome-system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/xfce-internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/xfce-office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/xfce-devel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/package_multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/redhat-sound_video.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/package_utilities.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/redhat-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/package_development.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/package_office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/categories/gnome-util.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/clock.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/help.png          lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/web-browser.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/gnome-session-halt.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/khelpcenter.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/xfce-terminal.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/preferences-system-windows.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/kwin.png          lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/susehelpcenter.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/xfwm4.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/gtkpod.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/gtk-help.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/browser.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/redhat-email.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/screensaver.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/file-manager.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/accessories-text-editor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/file-roller.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/kscreensaver.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/internet-mail.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/gnome-session-logout.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/xfce-filemanager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/konsole.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/gnome-help.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/rhythmbox-tray-icon.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/mozilla-thunderbird.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/redhat-filemanager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/text-editor.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/gnome-app-install.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/gnome-settings-default-applications.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/update-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/xscreensaver.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/terminal.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/user-info.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/kfm.png           lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/mozilla-firefox.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/access.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/music-player.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/xfce-man.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/gnome-session-hibernate.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/openterm.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/firefox.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/system-file-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/gnome-logout.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/gnome-terminal.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/accessories-archiver.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/utilities-terminal.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/nautilus-cd-burner.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/rhythmbox.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/email.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/gthumb.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/redhat-web-browser.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/utilities-system-monitor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/evolution.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/gnome-window-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/mail_generic.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/config-users.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/gnome-settings-accessibility-technologies.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/xfce-edit.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/gnome-screenshot.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/xfce-mail.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/gnome-settings-theme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/internet-web-browser.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/preferences-desktop-screensaver.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/gnome-session-suspend.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/accessibility-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/gnome-session-reboot.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/stock_help.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/kcmkwm.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/help-browser.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/users.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/thunderbird.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/gnome-monitor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/gnome-session-switch.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/gnome-panel-screenshot.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/firefox-icon.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/preferences-desktop-accessibility.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/apps/kedit.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/volume-min.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/stock_volume-mute.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/stock_trash_full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/stock_open.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/folder-drag-accept.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/gnome-fs-loading-icon.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/dialog-error.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/audio-volume-high.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/gtk-dialog-error.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/user-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/messagebox_critical.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/volume-0.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/dialog-warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/volume-max.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/audio-volume-muted.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/image-loading.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/trashcan_full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/gnome-fs-directory-visiting.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/messagebox_warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/volume-med.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/gnome-fs-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/folder-visiting.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/gnome-fs-directory-accept.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/stock_dialog-warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/folder_open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/important.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/xfce-trash_full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/audio-volume-medium.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/edittrash.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/error.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/stock_dialog-error.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/gtk-dialog-warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/folder-open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/gnome-stock-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/status/audio-volume-low.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/desktop.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/gnome-fs-share.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/gnome-stock-trash.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/user-trash.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/server.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/folder-remote.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/netnetwork_local.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/netgnome-fs-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/gnome-fs-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/application-x-gnome-saved-search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/netgtk-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/folder-remote-nfs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/stock_folder.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/gnome-fs-desktop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/gnome-fs-home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/emptytrash.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/gnome-fs-ftp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/netgnome-mime-x-directory-smb-workgroup.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/folder-remote-ssh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/gtk-delete.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/gnome-fs-nfs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/folder-remote-smb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/gnome-fs-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/gnome-fs-smb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/folder_home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/xfce-trash_empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/network-workgroup.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/user-home.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/network.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/folder-saved-search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/folder-remote-ftp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/network-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/gnome-fs-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/folder.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/trashcan_empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/gnome-fs-ssh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/redhat-network-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/user-desktop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/places/stock_delete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-media-ms.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/system.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/media-dvd.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gtk-cdrom.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom-audio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-trash-empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-keyboard.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/media-dvdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/cdwriter_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-dvd.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-printer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-media-memory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-media-cf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/computer.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-floppy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/media-cdrom-audio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/drive-harddisk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/drive-removable-media.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/camera_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-1394.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/harddrive.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/dvd_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-removable-1394.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-ipod.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/camera-photo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-media-sdmmc.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/media-cdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-removable-usb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gtk-harddisk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/media-cdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/yast_idetude.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-usb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-removable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/yast_HD.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-printer-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/camera.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-media-sm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-fs-client.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/hdd_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-printer-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr-plus.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdram.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/media-optical.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/cdrom_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-computer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/gnome-dev-symlink.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/devices/usbpendrive_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/emblems/placeholder    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/filesystems/gnome-fs-share.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/filesystems/gnome-fs-ftp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/filesystems/gnome-fs-nfs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/filesystems/gnome-fs-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/filesystems/placeholder lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/filesystems/gnome-fs-smb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/36x36/filesystems/gnome-fs-ssh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/up.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/window_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/edit-copy.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_save.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/text_strike.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_new-appointment.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-close.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/editdelete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/filesaveas.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/mail-message-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/editcut.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/system-lock-screen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-unindent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-find-and-replace.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_new-address-book.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/reload_page.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-add.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/tab_new.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_cut.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/mail-send-receive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/bookmark_add.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_text_indent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_save-as.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/down.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/go-top.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-new.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/filenew.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/fileprint.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-select-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gnome-stock-mail-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gnome-shutdown.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/add.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-unindent-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_text_bold.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/xfce-system-lock.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_help-add-bookmark.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/text_bold.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-cdrom.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gnome-stock-text-indent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stop.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-goto-first-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_new-text.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_redo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/format-text-italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_first.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-refresh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/format-text-underline.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/kfm_home.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-remove.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/bookmarks_list_add.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/filequickprint.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/format-text-bold.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/document-properties.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-no.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-justify-center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/format-justify-left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_text_left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/bookmark-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-justify-right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-indent-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-goto-top.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_new-window.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/format-indent-less.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_undo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/reload3.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-redo-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-yes.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_text_underlined.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/address-book-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/go-first.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_select-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-indent-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/mail_new.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/start.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/view_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/mail_reply.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-find.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/edit-redo.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gohome.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/kfind.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/dialog-cancel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_top.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/fileopen.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-bold.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-go-up.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/redo.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_up.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/edit-undo.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/centrejust.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-apply.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_refresh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_copy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/filesave.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-cut.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_mail-forward.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/contact-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-paste.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/go-next.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_new-dir.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/appointment-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_mail-compose.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/mail-forward.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/rightjust.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/top.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/system-log-out.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-go-back-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/document-print.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-print.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/remove.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/previous.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-ok.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/format-justify-fill.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/edit-cut.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/help-contents.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/process-stop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/list-remove.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-goto-last-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/folder-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/document-print-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/go-previous.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_text_unindent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-save.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/go-last.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/window-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/appointment.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/editcopy.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/go-home.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/window_new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/mail_replyall.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-go-down.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_new-bcard.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_bottom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_search-and-replace.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_add-bookmark.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_text_right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/edit-find.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-properties.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/forward.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/bookmark.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_new-tab.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_stop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_text_justify.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/go-down.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_text_italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-indent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/find.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/edit-delete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/edit-paste.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_text_center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/document-save.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-underline.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/lock.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/next.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-go-forward-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-save-as.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/reload.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/mail-reply-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_mail-reply.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/text_under.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_spam.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_properties.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-print-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/editpaste.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-go-forward-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_last.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/format-justify-center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/redhat-home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-go-back-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gnome-searchtool.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-open.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/back.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/mail-mark-junk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_file-properites.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-home.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/mail_spam.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/search.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-undo-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/bottom.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_print.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-goto-bottom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/finish.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/document-open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/go-bottom.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/document-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-copy.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-goto-last-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gnome-stock-text-unindent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/reload_all_tabs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/edit-find-replace.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/mail-reply-sender.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/format-indent-more.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/window-close.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-cancel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-stop.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_mail-reply-to-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/go-up.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/system-shutdown.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/undo.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/tab-new.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/list-add.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-goto-first-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/edit-select-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/leftjust.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/view-refresh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gnome-lockscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/system-search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/mail_forward.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-strikethrough.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_exit.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/format-justify-right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_down.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-unindent-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/application-exit.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_print-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/document-save-as.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-justify-fill.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_paste.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/view-fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/gtk-justify-left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/text_italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/format-text-strikethrough.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_mail-send-receive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/stock_text-strikethrough.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/filefind.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/actions/folder_new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-audio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/folder_tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-ogg.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/binary.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-psd.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-jar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kword.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-css.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/document.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/txt.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-php.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/ascii.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/mime_ascii.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-x-font-afm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/txt2.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/empty.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-afm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/text-x-copying.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/text-x-script.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/zip.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/www.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-dvi.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-perl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/text-x-source.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-killustrator.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-png.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-python-bytecode.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-fs-regular.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/font_type1.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-sh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csharp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compressed-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-fs-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroEnabled.12.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/font.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/tar.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/template_source.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/text-x-authors.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-ms-dos-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-word.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-python.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/text-x-readme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-gif.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-zip.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-copying.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tarz.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/text-x-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/package.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/package_wordprocessing.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tex.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/x-office-document.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/sound.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzpostscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/shellscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c++src.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/text-html.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-install.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-bmp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/tgz.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/text2.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-credits.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzip.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/package_editors.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/text-x-install.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-makefile.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/misc.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-ttf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-authors.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-html.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/image-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rpm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-linux-psf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-zsh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csrc.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.writer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-tiff.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-wordperfect.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/text-x-changelog.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-vnd.wap.wml.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-chdr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-scribus.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-pcf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-msword.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/font-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/unknown.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-postscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-changelog.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-rtf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/stock_script.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/rpm.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-abiword.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-java-archive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-cmu-raster.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-7z-compressed.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-sunos-news.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-package.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-xpixmap.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/deb.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/font_bitmap.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c++.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-readme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/package-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio-compressed.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/application-x-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/text-x-generic-template.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-shellscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-portable-bitmap.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-bdf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lha.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-jpeg.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lhz.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/wordprocessing.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/font_truetype.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-theme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-stuffit.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/image.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compress.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/text-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/html.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-xhtml+xml.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-xcf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-deb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/audio-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/exec.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-archive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-arj.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/text.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-pdf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/emotes/placeholder     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/applications-office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/applications-internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/applications-system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/xfce-multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/gnome-globe.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/gnome-multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/xfce-system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/gnome-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/package_network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/redhat-office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/applications-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/gnome-settings.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/redhat-programming.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/package_system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/gnome-applications.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/xfce4-settings.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/redhat-preferences.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/gtk-preferences.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/stock_internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/gnome-devel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/kcontrol.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/applications-multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/applications-development.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/applications-utilities.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/preferences-desktop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/xfce-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/applications-accessories.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/redhat-system_tools.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/redhat-internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/redhat-accessories.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/package_graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/gnome-control-center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/xfce-utils.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/gnome-system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/xfce-internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/xfce-office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/xfce-devel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/package_multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/redhat-sound_video.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/package_utilities.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/redhat-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/package_development.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/package_office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/categories/gnome-util.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/clock.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/help.png          lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/ksysguard.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/web-browser.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/gnome-session-halt.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/khelpcenter.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/xfce-terminal.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/preferences-system-windows.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/kwin.png          lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/susehelpcenter.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/xfwm4.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/gtkpod.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/gtk-help.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/browser.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/redhat-email.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/screensaver.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/file-manager.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/accessories-text-editor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/file-roller.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/kscreensaver.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/internet-mail.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/gnome-session-logout.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/xfce-filemanager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/konsole.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/gnome-help.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/rhythmbox-tray-icon.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/mozilla-thunderbird.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/redhat-filemanager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/system-users.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/text-editor.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/gnome-app-install.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/gnome-settings-default-applications.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/update-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/xscreensaver.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/system-software-update.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/terminal.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/user-info.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/kfm.png           lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/mozilla-firefox.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/access.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/music-player.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/xfce-man.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/gnome-session-hibernate.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/openterm.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/firefox.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/system-file-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/gnome-logout.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/gnome-terminal.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/accessories-archiver.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/utilities-terminal.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/nautilus-cd-burner.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/rhythmbox.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/email.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/gthumb.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/redhat-web-browser.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/utilities-system-monitor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/evolution.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/gnome-window-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/preferences-desktop-theme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/mail_generic.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/config-users.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/gnome-settings-accessibility-technologies.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/xfce-edit.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/gnome-screenshot.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/xfce-mail.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/gnome-settings-theme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/internet-web-browser.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/preferences-desktop-screensaver.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/gnome-session-suspend.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/accessibility-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/gnome-session-reboot.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/stock_help.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/kcmkwm.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/help-browser.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/users.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/thunderbird.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/gnome-monitor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/gnome-session-switch.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/gnome-panel-screenshot.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/firefox-icon.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/preferences-desktop-accessibility.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/apps/kedit.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/volume-min.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/stock_volume-mute.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/stock_trash_full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/stock_open.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/folder-drag-accept.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/gnome-fs-loading-icon.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/dialog-error.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/audio-volume-high.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/gtk-dialog-error.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/user-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/stock_volume-med.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/messagebox_critical.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/stock_volume-max.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/volume-0.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/dialog-warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/volume-max.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/audio-volume-muted.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/image-loading.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/trashcan_full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/stock_volume-min.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/gnome-fs-directory-visiting.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/messagebox_warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/volume-med.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/gnome-fs-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/folder-visiting.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/gnome-fs-directory-accept.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/stock_dialog-warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/folder_open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/important.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/xfce-trash_full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/audio-volume-medium.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/edittrash.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/stock_volume.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/error.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/stock_dialog-error.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/stock_volume-0.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/gtk-dialog-warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/folder-open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/gnome-stock-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/status/audio-volume-low.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/desktop.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/gnome-fs-share.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/gnome-stock-trash.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/user-trash.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/server.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/folder-remote.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/netnetwork_local.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/netgnome-fs-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/gnome-fs-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/application-x-gnome-saved-search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/netgtk-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/folder-remote-nfs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/stock_folder.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/gnome-fs-desktop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/gnome-fs-home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/emptytrash.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/gnome-fs-ftp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/netgnome-mime-x-directory-smb-workgroup.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/folder-remote-ssh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/gtk-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/gtk-delete.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/gnome-fs-nfs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/folder-remote-smb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/gnome-fs-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/gnome-fs-smb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/network_local.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/gtk-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/folder_home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/xfce-trash_empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/network-workgroup.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/user-home.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-workgroup.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/network.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/inode-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/folder-saved-search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/folder-remote-ftp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/network-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/gnome-fs-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/folder.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/trashcan_empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/gnome-fs-ssh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/redhat-network-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/user-desktop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/places/stock_delete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-media-ms.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/system.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/media-dvd.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gtk-cdrom.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom-audio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-trash-empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-keyboard.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/media-dvdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/cdwriter_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-dvd.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-printer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/printer.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-media-memory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-media-cf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/computer.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/drive-optical.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-floppy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/media-cdrom-audio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/drive-harddisk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/drive-removable-media.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/camera_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-1394.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/harddrive.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/dvd_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-removable-1394.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/media-flash.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-ipod.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/camera-photo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-media-sdmmc.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/media-cdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-removable-usb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gtk-harddisk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/media-cdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/yast_idetude.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-usb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/input-keyboard.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-removable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/multimedia-player.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/yast_HD.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-printer-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/media-floppy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/camera.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-media-sm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-fs-client.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/hdd_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-printer-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr-plus.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdram.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/media-optical.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/cdrom_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-computer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-symlink.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/devices/usbpendrive_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/emblems/placeholder    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/filesystems/gnome-fs-share.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/filesystems/gnome-fs-ftp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/filesystems/gnome-fs-nfs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/filesystems/gnome-fs-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/filesystems/placeholder lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/filesystems/gnome-fs-smb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/16x16/filesystems/gnome-fs-ssh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/up.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/window_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/edit-copy.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_save.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/text_strike.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_new-appointment.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-close.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/editdelete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/filesaveas.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/mail-message-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/editcut.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/system-lock-screen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-unindent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-find-and-replace.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_new-address-book.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/reload_page.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-add.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/tab_new.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_cut.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/mail-send-receive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/bookmark_add.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_text_indent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_save-as.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/down.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/go-top.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-new.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/filenew.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/fileprint.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-select-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gnome-stock-mail-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gnome-shutdown.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/add.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-unindent-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_text_bold.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/xfce-system-lock.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_help-add-bookmark.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/text_bold.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-cdrom.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gnome-stock-text-indent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stop.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-goto-first-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_new-text.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_redo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/format-text-italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_first.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-refresh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/format-text-underline.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/kfm_home.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-remove.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/bookmarks_list_add.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/filequickprint.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/format-text-bold.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/document-properties.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-no.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-justify-center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/format-justify-left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_text_left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/bookmark-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-justify-right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-indent-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-goto-top.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_new-window.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/format-indent-less.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_undo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/reload3.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-redo-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-yes.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_text_underlined.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/address-book-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/go-first.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_select-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-indent-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/mail_new.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/start.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/view_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/mail_reply.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-find.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/edit-redo.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gohome.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/kfind.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/dialog-cancel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_top.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/fileopen.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-bold.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-go-up.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/redo.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_up.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/edit-undo.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/centrejust.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-apply.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_refresh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_copy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/filesave.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-cut.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_mail-forward.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/contact-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-paste.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/go-next.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_new-dir.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/appointment-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_mail-compose.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/mail-forward.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/rightjust.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/top.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/system-log-out.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-go-back-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/document-print.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-print.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/remove.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/previous.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-ok.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/format-justify-fill.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/edit-cut.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/help-contents.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/process-stop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/list-remove.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-goto-last-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/folder-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/document-print-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/go-previous.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_text_unindent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-save.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/go-last.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/window-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/appointment.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/editcopy.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/go-home.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/window_new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/mail_replyall.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-go-down.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_new-bcard.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_bottom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_search-and-replace.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_add-bookmark.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_text_right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/edit-find.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-properties.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/forward.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/bookmark.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_new-tab.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_stop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_text_justify.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/go-down.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_text_italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-indent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/find.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/edit-delete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/edit-paste.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_text_center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/document-save.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-underline.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/lock.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/next.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-go-forward-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-save-as.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/reload.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/mail-reply-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_mail-reply.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/text_under.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_spam.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_properties.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-print-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/editpaste.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-go-forward-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_last.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/format-justify-center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/redhat-home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-go-back-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gnome-searchtool.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-open.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/back.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/mail-mark-junk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_file-properites.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-home.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/mail_spam.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/search.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-undo-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/bottom.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_print.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-goto-bottom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/finish.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/document-open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/go-bottom.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/document-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-copy.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-goto-last-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gnome-stock-text-unindent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/reload_all_tabs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/edit-find-replace.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/mail-reply-sender.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/format-indent-more.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/window-close.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-cancel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-stop.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_mail-reply-to-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/go-up.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/system-shutdown.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/undo.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/tab-new.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/list-add.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-goto-first-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/edit-select-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/leftjust.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/view-refresh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gnome-lockscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/system-search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/mail_forward.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-strikethrough.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_exit.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/format-justify-right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_down.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-unindent-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/application-exit.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_print-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/document-save-as.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-justify-fill.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_paste.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/view-fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/gtk-justify-left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/text_italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/format-text-strikethrough.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_mail-send-receive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/stock_text-strikethrough.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/filefind.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/actions/folder_new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-audio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/folder_tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-ogg.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/binary.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-psd.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-jar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kword.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-css.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/document.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/txt.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-php.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/ascii.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/mime_ascii.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-x-font-afm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/txt2.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/empty.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-afm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/text-x-copying.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/text-x-script.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/zip.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/www.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-dvi.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-perl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/text-x-source.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-killustrator.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-png.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-python-bytecode.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-fs-regular.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/font_type1.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-sh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csharp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compressed-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-fs-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroEnabled.12.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/font.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/tar.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/template_source.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/text-x-authors.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-ms-dos-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-word.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-python.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/text-x-readme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-gif.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-zip.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-copying.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tarz.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/text-x-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/package.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/package_wordprocessing.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tex.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/x-office-document.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/sound.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzpostscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/shellscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c++src.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/text-html.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-install.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-bmp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/tgz.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/text2.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-credits.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzip.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/package_editors.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/text-x-install.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-makefile.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/misc.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-ttf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-authors.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-html.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/image-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rpm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-linux-psf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-zsh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csrc.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.writer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-tiff.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-wordperfect.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/text-x-changelog.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-vnd.wap.wml.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-chdr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-scribus.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-pcf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-msword.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/font-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/unknown.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-postscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-changelog.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-rtf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/stock_script.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/rpm.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-abiword.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-java-archive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-cmu-raster.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-7z-compressed.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-sunos-news.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-package.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-xpixmap.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/deb.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/font_bitmap.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c++.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-readme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/package-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio-compressed.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/application-x-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/text-x-generic-template.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-shellscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-portable-bitmap.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-bdf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lha.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-jpeg.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lhz.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/wordprocessing.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/font_truetype.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-theme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-stuffit.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/image.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compress.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/text-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/html.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-xhtml+xml.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-xcf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-deb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/audio-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/exec.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-archive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-arj.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/text.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-pdf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/emotes/placeholder     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/applications-office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/applications-internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/applications-system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/xfce-multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/gnome-globe.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/gnome-multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/xfce-system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/gnome-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/package_network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/redhat-office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/applications-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/gnome-settings.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/redhat-programming.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/package_system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/gnome-applications.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/xfce4-settings.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/redhat-preferences.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/gtk-preferences.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/stock_internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/gnome-devel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/kcontrol.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/applications-multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/applications-development.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/applications-utilities.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/preferences-desktop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/xfce-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/applications-accessories.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/redhat-system_tools.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/redhat-internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/redhat-accessories.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/package_graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/gnome-control-center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/xfce-utils.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/gnome-system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/xfce-internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/xfce-office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/xfce-devel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/package_multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/redhat-sound_video.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/package_utilities.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/redhat-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/package_development.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/package_office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/categories/gnome-util.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/clock.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/help.png          lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/ksysguard.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/web-browser.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/gnome-session-halt.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/khelpcenter.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/xfce-terminal.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/preferences-system-windows.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/kwin.png          lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/susehelpcenter.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/xfwm4.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/gtkpod.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/gtk-help.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/browser.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/redhat-email.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/screensaver.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/file-manager.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/accessories-text-editor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/file-roller.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/kscreensaver.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/internet-mail.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/gnome-session-logout.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/xfce-filemanager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/konsole.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/gnome-help.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/rhythmbox-tray-icon.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/mozilla-thunderbird.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/redhat-filemanager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/system-users.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/text-editor.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/gnome-app-install.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/gnome-settings-default-applications.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/update-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/xscreensaver.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/system-software-update.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/terminal.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/user-info.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/kfm.png           lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/mozilla-firefox.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/access.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/music-player.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/xfce-man.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/gnome-session-hibernate.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/openterm.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/firefox.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/system-file-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/gnome-logout.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/gnome-terminal.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/accessories-archiver.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/utilities-terminal.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/nautilus-cd-burner.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/rhythmbox.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/email.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/gthumb.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/redhat-web-browser.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/utilities-system-monitor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/evolution.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/gnome-window-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/preferences-desktop-theme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/mail_generic.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/config-users.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/gnome-settings-accessibility-technologies.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/xfce-edit.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/gnome-screenshot.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/xfce-mail.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/gnome-settings-theme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/internet-web-browser.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/preferences-desktop-screensaver.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/gnome-session-suspend.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/accessibility-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/gnome-session-reboot.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/stock_help.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/kcmkwm.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/help-browser.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/users.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/thunderbird.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/gnome-monitor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/gnome-session-switch.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/gnome-panel-screenshot.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/firefox-icon.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/preferences-desktop-accessibility.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/apps/kedit.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/volume-min.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/stock_volume-mute.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/stock_trash_full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/stock_open.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/folder-drag-accept.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/gnome-fs-loading-icon.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/dialog-error.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/audio-volume-high.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/gtk-dialog-error.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/user-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/stock_volume-med.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/messagebox_critical.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/stock_volume-max.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/volume-0.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/dialog-warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/volume-max.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/audio-volume-muted.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/image-loading.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/trashcan_full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/stock_volume-min.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/gnome-fs-directory-visiting.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/messagebox_warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/volume-med.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/gnome-fs-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/folder-visiting.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/gnome-fs-directory-accept.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/stock_dialog-warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/folder_open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/important.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/xfce-trash_full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/audio-volume-medium.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/edittrash.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/stock_volume.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/error.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/stock_dialog-error.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/stock_volume-0.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/gtk-dialog-warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/folder-open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/gnome-stock-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/status/audio-volume-low.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/desktop.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/gnome-fs-share.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/gnome-stock-trash.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/user-trash.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/server.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/folder-remote.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/netnetwork_local.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/netgnome-fs-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/gnome-fs-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/application-x-gnome-saved-search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/netgtk-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/folder-remote-nfs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/stock_folder.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/gnome-fs-desktop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/gnome-fs-home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/emptytrash.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/gnome-fs-ftp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/netgnome-mime-x-directory-smb-workgroup.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/folder-remote-ssh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/gtk-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/gtk-delete.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/gnome-fs-nfs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/folder-remote-smb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/gnome-fs-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/gnome-fs-smb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/network_local.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/gtk-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/folder_home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/xfce-trash_empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/network-workgroup.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/user-home.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-workgroup.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/network.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/inode-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/folder-saved-search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/folder-remote-ftp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/network-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/gnome-fs-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/folder.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/trashcan_empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/gnome-fs-ssh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/redhat-network-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/user-desktop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/places/stock_delete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-media-ms.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/system.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/media-dvd.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gtk-cdrom.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom-audio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-trash-empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-keyboard.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/media-dvdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/cdwriter_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-dvd.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-printer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/printer.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-media-memory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-media-cf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/computer.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/drive-optical.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-floppy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/media-cdrom-audio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/drive-harddisk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/drive-removable-media.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/camera_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-1394.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/harddrive.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/dvd_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-removable-1394.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/media-flash.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-ipod.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/camera-photo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-media-sdmmc.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/media-cdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-removable-usb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gtk-harddisk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/media-cdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/yast_idetude.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-usb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/input-keyboard.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-removable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/multimedia-player.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/yast_HD.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-printer-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/media-floppy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/camera.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-media-sm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-fs-client.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/hdd_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-printer-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr-plus.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdram.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/media-optical.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/cdrom_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-computer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-symlink.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/devices/usbpendrive_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/emblems/placeholder    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/filesystems/gnome-fs-share.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/filesystems/gnome-fs-ftp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/filesystems/gnome-fs-nfs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/filesystems/gnome-fs-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/filesystems/placeholder lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/filesystems/gnome-fs-smb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/48x48/filesystems/gnome-fs-ssh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/up.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/window_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/edit-copy.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_save.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/text_strike.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_new-appointment.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-close.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/editdelete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/filesaveas.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/mail-message-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/editcut.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/system-lock-screen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-unindent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-find-and-replace.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_new-address-book.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/reload_page.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-add.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/tab_new.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_cut.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/mail-send-receive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/bookmark_add.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_text_indent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_save-as.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/down.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/go-top.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-new.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/filenew.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/fileprint.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-select-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gnome-stock-mail-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gnome-shutdown.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/add.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-unindent-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_text_bold.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/xfce-system-lock.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_help-add-bookmark.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/text_bold.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-cdrom.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gnome-stock-text-indent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stop.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-goto-first-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_new-text.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_redo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/format-text-italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_first.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-refresh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/format-text-underline.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/kfm_home.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-remove.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/bookmarks_list_add.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/filequickprint.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/format-text-bold.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/document-properties.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-no.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-justify-center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/format-justify-left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_text_left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/bookmark-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-justify-right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-indent-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-goto-top.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_new-window.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/format-indent-less.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_undo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/reload3.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-redo-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-yes.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_text_underlined.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/address-book-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/go-first.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_select-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-indent-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/mail_new.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/start.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/view_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/mail_reply.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-find.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/edit-redo.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gohome.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/kfind.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/dialog-cancel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_top.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/fileopen.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-bold.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-go-up.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/redo.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_up.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/edit-undo.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/centrejust.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-apply.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_refresh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_copy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/filesave.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-cut.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_mail-forward.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/contact-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-paste.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/go-next.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_new-dir.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/appointment-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_mail-compose.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/mail-forward.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/rightjust.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/top.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/system-log-out.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-go-back-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/document-print.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-print.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/remove.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/previous.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-ok.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/format-justify-fill.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/edit-cut.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/help-contents.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/process-stop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/list-remove.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-goto-last-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/folder-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/document-print-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/go-previous.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_text_unindent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-save.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/go-last.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/window-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/appointment.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/editcopy.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/go-home.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/window_new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/mail_replyall.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-go-down.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_new-bcard.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_bottom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_search-and-replace.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_add-bookmark.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_text_right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/edit-find.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-properties.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/forward.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/bookmark.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_new-tab.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_stop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_text_justify.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/go-down.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_text_italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-indent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/find.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/edit-delete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/edit-paste.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_text_center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/document-save.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-underline.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/lock.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/next.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-go-forward-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-save-as.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/reload.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/mail-reply-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_mail-reply.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/text_under.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_spam.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_properties.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-print-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/editpaste.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-go-forward-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_last.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/format-justify-center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/redhat-home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-go-back-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gnome-searchtool.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-open.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/back.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/mail-mark-junk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_file-properites.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-home.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/mail_spam.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/search.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-undo-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/bottom.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_print.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-goto-bottom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/finish.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/document-open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/go-bottom.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/document-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-copy.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-goto-last-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gnome-stock-text-unindent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/reload_all_tabs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/edit-find-replace.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/mail-reply-sender.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/format-indent-more.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/window-close.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-cancel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-stop.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_mail-reply-to-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/go-up.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/system-shutdown.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/undo.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/tab-new.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/list-add.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-goto-first-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/edit-select-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/leftjust.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/view-refresh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gnome-lockscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/system-search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/mail_forward.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-strikethrough.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_exit.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/format-justify-right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_down.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-unindent-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/application-exit.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_print-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/document-save-as.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-justify-fill.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_paste.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/view-fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/gtk-justify-left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/text_italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/format-text-strikethrough.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_mail-send-receive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/stock_text-strikethrough.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/filefind.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/actions/folder_new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-audio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/folder_tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-ogg.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/binary.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-psd.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-jar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kword.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-css.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/document.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/txt.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-php.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/ascii.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/mime_ascii.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-x-font-afm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/txt2.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/empty.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-afm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/text-x-copying.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/text-x-script.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/zip.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/www.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-dvi.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-perl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/text-x-source.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-killustrator.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-png.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-python-bytecode.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-fs-regular.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/font_type1.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-sh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csharp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compressed-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-fs-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroEnabled.12.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/font.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/tar.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/template_source.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/text-x-authors.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-ms-dos-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-word.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-python.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/text-x-readme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-gif.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-zip.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-copying.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tarz.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/text-x-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/package.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/package_wordprocessing.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tex.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/x-office-document.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/sound.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzpostscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/shellscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c++src.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/text-html.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-install.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-bmp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/tgz.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/text2.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-credits.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzip.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/package_editors.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/text-x-install.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-makefile.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/misc.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-ttf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-authors.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-html.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/image-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rpm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-linux-psf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-zsh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csrc.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.writer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-tiff.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-wordperfect.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/text-x-changelog.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-vnd.wap.wml.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-chdr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-scribus.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-pcf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-msword.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/font-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/unknown.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-postscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-changelog.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-rtf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/stock_script.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/rpm.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-abiword.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-java-archive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-cmu-raster.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-7z-compressed.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-sunos-news.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-package.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-xpixmap.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/deb.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/font_bitmap.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c++.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-readme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/package-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio-compressed.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/application-x-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/text-x-generic-template.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-shellscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-portable-bitmap.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-bdf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lha.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-jpeg.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lhz.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/wordprocessing.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/font_truetype.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-theme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-stuffit.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/image.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compress.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/text-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/html.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-xhtml+xml.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-xcf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-deb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/audio-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/exec.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-archive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-arj.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/text.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-pdf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/emotes/placeholder     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/applications-office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/applications-internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/applications-system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/xfce-multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/gnome-globe.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/gnome-multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/xfce-system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/gnome-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/package_network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/redhat-office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/applications-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/gnome-settings.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/redhat-programming.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/package_system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/gnome-applications.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/xfce4-settings.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/redhat-preferences.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/gtk-preferences.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/stock_internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/gnome-devel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/kcontrol.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/applications-multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/applications-development.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/applications-utilities.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/preferences-desktop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/xfce-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/applications-accessories.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/redhat-system_tools.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/redhat-internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/redhat-accessories.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/package_graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/gnome-control-center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/xfce-utils.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/gnome-system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/xfce-internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/xfce-office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/xfce-devel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/package_multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/redhat-sound_video.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/package_utilities.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/redhat-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/package_development.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/package_office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/categories/gnome-util.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/clock.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/help.png          lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/ksysguard.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/web-browser.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/gnome-session-halt.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/khelpcenter.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/xfce-terminal.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/preferences-system-windows.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/kwin.png          lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/susehelpcenter.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/xfwm4.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/gtkpod.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/gtk-help.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/browser.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/redhat-email.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/screensaver.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/file-manager.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/accessories-text-editor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/file-roller.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/kscreensaver.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/internet-mail.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/gnome-session-logout.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/xfce-filemanager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/konsole.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/gnome-help.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/rhythmbox-tray-icon.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/mozilla-thunderbird.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/redhat-filemanager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/system-users.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/text-editor.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/gnome-app-install.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/gnome-settings-default-applications.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/update-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/xscreensaver.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/system-software-update.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/terminal.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/user-info.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/kfm.png           lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/mozilla-firefox.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/access.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/music-player.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/xfce-man.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/gnome-session-hibernate.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/openterm.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/firefox.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/system-file-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/gnome-logout.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/gnome-terminal.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/accessories-archiver.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/utilities-terminal.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/nautilus-cd-burner.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/rhythmbox.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/email.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/gthumb.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/redhat-web-browser.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/utilities-system-monitor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/evolution.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/gnome-window-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/preferences-desktop-theme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/mail_generic.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/config-users.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/gnome-settings-accessibility-technologies.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/xfce-edit.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/gnome-screenshot.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/xfce-mail.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/gnome-settings-theme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/internet-web-browser.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/preferences-desktop-screensaver.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/gnome-session-suspend.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/accessibility-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/gnome-session-reboot.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/stock_help.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/kcmkwm.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/help-browser.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/users.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/thunderbird.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/gnome-monitor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/gnome-session-switch.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/gnome-panel-screenshot.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/firefox-icon.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/preferences-desktop-accessibility.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/apps/kedit.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/volume-min.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/stock_volume-mute.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/stock_trash_full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/stock_open.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/folder-drag-accept.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/gnome-fs-loading-icon.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/dialog-error.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/audio-volume-high.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/gtk-dialog-error.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/user-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/stock_volume-med.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/messagebox_critical.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/stock_volume-max.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/volume-0.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/dialog-warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/volume-max.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/audio-volume-muted.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/image-loading.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/trashcan_full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/stock_volume-min.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/gnome-fs-directory-visiting.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/messagebox_warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/volume-med.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/gnome-fs-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/folder-visiting.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/gnome-fs-directory-accept.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/stock_dialog-warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/folder_open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/important.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/xfce-trash_full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/audio-volume-medium.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/edittrash.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/stock_volume.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/error.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/stock_dialog-error.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/stock_volume-0.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/gtk-dialog-warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/folder-open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/gnome-stock-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/status/audio-volume-low.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/desktop.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/gnome-fs-share.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/gnome-stock-trash.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/user-trash.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/server.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/folder-remote.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/netnetwork_local.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/netgnome-fs-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/gnome-fs-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/application-x-gnome-saved-search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/netgtk-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/folder-remote-nfs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/stock_folder.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/gnome-fs-desktop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/gnome-fs-home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/emptytrash.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/gnome-fs-ftp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/netgnome-mime-x-directory-smb-workgroup.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/folder-remote-ssh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/gtk-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/gtk-delete.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/gnome-fs-nfs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/folder-remote-smb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/gnome-fs-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/gnome-fs-smb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/network_local.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/gtk-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/folder_home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/xfce-trash_empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/network-workgroup.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/user-home.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-workgroup.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/network.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/inode-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/folder-saved-search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/folder-remote-ftp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/network-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/gnome-fs-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/folder.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/trashcan_empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/gnome-fs-ssh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/redhat-network-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/user-desktop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/places/stock_delete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-media-ms.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/system.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/media-dvd.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gtk-cdrom.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom-audio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-trash-empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-keyboard.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/media-dvdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/cdwriter_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-dvd.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-printer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/printer.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-media-memory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-media-cf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/computer.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/drive-optical.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-floppy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/media-cdrom-audio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/drive-harddisk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/drive-removable-media.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/camera_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-1394.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/harddrive.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/dvd_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-removable-1394.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/media-flash.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-ipod.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/camera-photo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-media-sdmmc.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/media-cdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-removable-usb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gtk-harddisk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/media-cdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/yast_idetude.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-usb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/input-keyboard.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-removable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/multimedia-player.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/yast_HD.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-printer-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/media-floppy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/camera.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-media-sm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-fs-client.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/hdd_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-printer-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr-plus.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdram.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/media-optical.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/cdrom_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-computer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-symlink.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/devices/usbpendrive_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/emblems/placeholder    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/filesystems/gnome-fs-share.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/filesystems/gnome-fs-ftp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/filesystems/gnome-fs-nfs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/filesystems/gnome-fs-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/filesystems/placeholder lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/filesystems/gnome-fs-smb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/24x24/filesystems/gnome-fs-ssh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/extra/Windows-HD.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/extra/Apple-HD.png           lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/extra/Linux-HD.png           lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/up.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/window_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/edit-copy.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_save.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/text_strike.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_new-appointment.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-close.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/editdelete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/filesaveas.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/mail-message-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/editcut.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/system-lock-screen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-unindent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-find-and-replace.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_new-address-book.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/reload_page.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-add.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/tab_new.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_cut.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/mail-send-receive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/bookmark_add.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_text_indent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_save-as.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/down.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/go-top.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-new.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/filenew.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/fileprint.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-select-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gnome-stock-mail-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gnome-shutdown.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/add.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-unindent-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_text_bold.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/xfce-system-lock.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_help-add-bookmark.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/text_bold.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-cdrom.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gnome-stock-text-indent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stop.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-goto-first-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_new-text.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_redo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/format-text-italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_first.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-refresh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/format-text-underline.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/kfm_home.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-remove.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/bookmarks_list_add.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/filequickprint.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/format-text-bold.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/document-properties.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-no.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-justify-center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/format-justify-left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_text_left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/bookmark-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-justify-right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-indent-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-goto-top.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_new-window.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/format-indent-less.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_undo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/reload3.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-redo-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-yes.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_text_underlined.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/address-book-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/go-first.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_select-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-indent-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/mail_new.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/start.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/view_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/mail_reply.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-find.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/edit-redo.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gohome.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/kfind.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/dialog-cancel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_top.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/fileopen.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-bold.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-go-up.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/redo.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_up.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/edit-undo.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/centrejust.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-apply.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_refresh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_copy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/filesave.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-cut.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_mail-forward.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/contact-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-paste.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/go-next.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_new-dir.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/appointment-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_mail-compose.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/mail-forward.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/rightjust.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/top.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/system-log-out.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-go-back-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/document-print.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-print.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/remove.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/previous.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-ok.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/format-justify-fill.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/edit-cut.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/help-contents.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/process-stop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/list-remove.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-goto-last-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/folder-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/document-print-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/go-previous.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_text_unindent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-save.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/go-last.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/window-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/appointment.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/editcopy.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/go-home.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/window_new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/mail_replyall.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-go-down.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_new-bcard.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_bottom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_search-and-replace.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_add-bookmark.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_text_right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/edit-find.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-properties.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/forward.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/bookmark.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_new-tab.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_stop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_text_justify.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/go-down.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_text_italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-indent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/find.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/edit-delete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/edit-paste.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_text_center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/document-save.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-underline.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/lock.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/next.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-go-forward-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-save-as.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/reload.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/mail-reply-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_mail-reply.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/text_under.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_spam.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_properties.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-print-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/editpaste.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-go-forward-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_last.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/format-justify-center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/redhat-home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-go-back-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gnome-searchtool.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-open.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/back.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/mail-mark-junk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_file-properites.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-home.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/mail_spam.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/search.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-undo-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/bottom.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_print.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-goto-bottom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/finish.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/document-open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/go-bottom.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/document-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-copy.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-goto-last-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gnome-stock-text-unindent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/reload_all_tabs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/edit-find-replace.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/mail-reply-sender.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/format-indent-more.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/window-close.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-cancel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-stop.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_mail-reply-to-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/go-up.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/system-shutdown.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/undo.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/tab-new.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/list-add.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-goto-first-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/edit-select-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/leftjust.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/view-refresh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gnome-lockscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/system-search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/mail_forward.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-strikethrough.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_exit.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/format-justify-right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_down.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-unindent-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/application-exit.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_print-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/document-save-as.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-justify-fill.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_paste.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/view-fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/gtk-justify-left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/text_italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/format-text-strikethrough.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_mail-send-receive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/stock_text-strikethrough.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/filefind.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/actions/folder_new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-audio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/folder_tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-ogg.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/binary.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-psd.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-jar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kword.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-css.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/document.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/txt.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-php.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/ascii.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/mime_ascii.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-x-font-afm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/txt2.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/empty.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-afm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/text-x-copying.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/text-x-script.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/zip.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/www.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-dvi.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-perl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/text-x-source.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-killustrator.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-png.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-python-bytecode.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-fs-regular.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/font_type1.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-sh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csharp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compressed-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-fs-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroEnabled.12.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/font.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/tar.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/template_source.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/text-x-authors.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-ms-dos-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-word.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-python.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/text-x-readme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-gif.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-zip.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-copying.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tarz.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/text-x-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/package.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/package_wordprocessing.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tex.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/x-office-document.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/sound.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzpostscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/shellscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c++src.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/text-html.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-install.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-bmp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/tgz.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/text2.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-credits.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzip.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/package_editors.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/text-x-install.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-makefile.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/misc.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-ttf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-authors.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-html.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/image-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rpm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-linux-psf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-zsh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csrc.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.writer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-tiff.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-wordperfect.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/text-x-changelog.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-vnd.wap.wml.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-chdr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-scribus.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-pcf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-msword.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/font-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/unknown.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-postscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-changelog.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-rtf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/stock_script.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/rpm.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-abiword.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-java-archive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-cmu-raster.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-7z-compressed.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-sunos-news.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-package.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-xpixmap.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/deb.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/font_bitmap.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c++.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-readme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/package-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio-compressed.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/application-x-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/text-x-generic-template.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-shellscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-portable-bitmap.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-bdf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lha.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-jpeg.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lhz.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/wordprocessing.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/font_truetype.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-theme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-stuffit.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/image.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compress.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/text-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/html.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-xhtml+xml.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-xcf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-deb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/audio-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/exec.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-archive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-arj.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/text.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-pdf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/emotes/placeholder     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/applications-office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/applications-internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/applications-system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/xfce-multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/gnome-globe.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/gnome-multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/xfce-system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/gnome-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/package_network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/redhat-office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/applications-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/gnome-settings.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/redhat-programming.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/package_system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/gnome-applications.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/xfce4-settings.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/redhat-preferences.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/gtk-preferences.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/stock_internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/gnome-devel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/kcontrol.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/applications-multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/applications-development.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/applications-utilities.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/preferences-desktop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/xfce-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/applications-accessories.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/redhat-system_tools.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/redhat-internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/redhat-accessories.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/package_graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/gnome-control-center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/xfce-utils.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/gnome-system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/xfce-internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/xfce-office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/xfce-devel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/package_multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/redhat-sound_video.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/package_utilities.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/redhat-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/package_development.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/package_office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/categories/gnome-util.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/clock.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/help.png          lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/ksysguard.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/web-browser.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/gnome-session-halt.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/khelpcenter.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/xfce-terminal.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/preferences-system-windows.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/kwin.png          lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/susehelpcenter.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/xfwm4.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/gtkpod.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/gtk-help.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/browser.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/redhat-email.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/screensaver.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/file-manager.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/accessories-text-editor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/file-roller.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/kscreensaver.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/internet-mail.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/gnome-session-logout.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/xfce-filemanager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/konsole.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/gnome-help.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/rhythmbox-tray-icon.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/mozilla-thunderbird.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/redhat-filemanager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/system-users.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/text-editor.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/gnome-app-install.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/gnome-settings-default-applications.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/update-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/xscreensaver.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/system-software-update.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/terminal.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/user-info.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/kfm.png           lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/mozilla-firefox.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/access.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/music-player.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/xfce-man.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/gnome-session-hibernate.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/openterm.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/firefox.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/system-file-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/gnome-logout.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/gnome-terminal.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/accessories-archiver.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/utilities-terminal.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/nautilus-cd-burner.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/rhythmbox.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/email.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/gthumb.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/redhat-web-browser.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/utilities-system-monitor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/evolution.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/gnome-window-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/preferences-desktop-theme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/mail_generic.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/config-users.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/gnome-settings-accessibility-technologies.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/xfce-edit.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/gnome-screenshot.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/xfce-mail.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/gnome-settings-theme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/internet-web-browser.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/preferences-desktop-screensaver.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/gnome-session-suspend.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/accessibility-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/gnome-session-reboot.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/stock_help.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/kcmkwm.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/help-browser.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/users.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/thunderbird.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/gnome-monitor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/gnome-session-switch.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/gnome-panel-screenshot.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/firefox-icon.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/preferences-desktop-accessibility.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/apps/kedit.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/volume-min.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/stock_volume-mute.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/stock_trash_full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/stock_open.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/folder-drag-accept.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/gnome-fs-loading-icon.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/dialog-error.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/audio-volume-high.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/gtk-dialog-error.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/user-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/stock_volume-med.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/messagebox_critical.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/stock_volume-max.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/volume-0.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/dialog-warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/volume-max.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/audio-volume-muted.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/image-loading.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/trashcan_full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/stock_volume-min.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/gnome-fs-directory-visiting.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/messagebox_warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/volume-med.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/gnome-fs-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/folder-visiting.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/gnome-fs-directory-accept.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/stock_dialog-warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/folder_open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/important.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/xfce-trash_full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/audio-volume-medium.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/edittrash.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/stock_volume.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/error.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/stock_dialog-error.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/stock_volume-0.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/gtk-dialog-warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/folder-open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/gnome-stock-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/status/audio-volume-low.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/desktop.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/gnome-fs-share.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/gnome-stock-trash.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/user-trash.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/server.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/folder-remote.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/netnetwork_local.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/netgnome-fs-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/gnome-fs-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/application-x-gnome-saved-search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/netgtk-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/folder-remote-nfs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/stock_folder.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/gnome-fs-desktop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/gnome-fs-home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/emptytrash.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/gnome-fs-ftp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/netgnome-mime-x-directory-smb-workgroup.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/folder-remote-ssh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/gtk-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/gtk-delete.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/gnome-fs-nfs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/folder-remote-smb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/gnome-fs-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/gnome-fs-smb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/network_local.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/gtk-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/folder_home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/xfce-trash_empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/network-workgroup.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/user-home.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-workgroup.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/network.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/inode-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/folder-saved-search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/folder-remote-ftp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/network-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/gnome-fs-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/folder.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/trashcan_empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/gnome-fs-ssh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/redhat-network-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/user-desktop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/places/stock_delete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-media-ms.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/system.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/media-dvd.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gtk-cdrom.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom-audio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-trash-empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-keyboard.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/media-dvdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/cdwriter_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-dvd.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-printer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/printer.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-media-memory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-media-cf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/computer.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/drive-optical.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-floppy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/media-cdrom-audio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/drive-harddisk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/drive-removable-media.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/camera_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-1394.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/harddrive.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/dvd_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-removable-1394.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/media-flash.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-ipod.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/camera-photo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-media-sdmmc.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/media-cdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-removable-usb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gtk-harddisk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/media-cdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/yast_idetude.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-usb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/input-keyboard.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-removable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/multimedia-player.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/yast_HD.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-printer-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/media-floppy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/camera.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-media-sm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-fs-client.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/hdd_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-printer-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr-plus.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdram.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/media-optical.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/cdrom_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-computer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-symlink.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/devices/usbpendrive_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/emblems/placeholder    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/filesystems/gnome-fs-share.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/filesystems/gnome-fs-ftp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/filesystems/gnome-fs-nfs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/filesystems/gnome-fs-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/filesystems/placeholder lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/filesystems/gnome-fs-smb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/32x32/filesystems/gnome-fs-ssh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/up.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/window_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/edit-copy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_save.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/text_strike.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_new-appointment.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-close.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/editdelete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/filesaveas.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/mail-message-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/editcut.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/system-lock-screen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-unindent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-find-and-replace.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_new-address-book.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/reload_page.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-add.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/tab_new.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_cut.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/mail-send-receive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/bookmark_add.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_text_indent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_save-as.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/down.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/go-top.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-new.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/filenew.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/fileprint.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-select-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gnome-stock-mail-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gnome-shutdown.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/add.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-unindent-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_text_bold.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/xfce-system-lock.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_help-add-bookmark.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/text_bold.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-cdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gnome-stock-text-indent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stop.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-goto-first-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_new-text.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_redo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/format-text-italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_first.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-refresh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/format-text-underline.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/kfm_home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-remove.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/bookmarks_list_add.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/filequickprint.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/format-text-bold.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/document-properties.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-no.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-justify-center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/format-justify-left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_text_left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/bookmark-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-justify-right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-indent-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-goto-top.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_new-window.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/format-indent-less.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_undo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/reload3.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-redo-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-yes.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_text_underlined.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/address-book-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/go-first.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_select-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-indent-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/mail_new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/start.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/view_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/mail_reply.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-find.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/edit-redo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gohome.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/kfind.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/dialog-cancel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_top.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/fileopen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-bold.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-go-up.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/redo.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_up.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/edit-undo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/centrejust.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-apply.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_refresh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_copy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/filesave.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-cut.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_mail-forward.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/contact-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-paste.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/go-next.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_new-dir.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/appointment-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_mail-compose.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/mail-forward.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/rightjust.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/top.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/system-log-out.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-go-back-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/document-print.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-print.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/remove.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/previous.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-ok.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/format-justify-fill.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/edit-cut.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/help-contents.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/process-stop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/list-remove.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-goto-last-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/folder-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/document-print-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/go-previous.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_text_unindent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-save.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/go-last.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/window-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/appointment.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/editcopy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/go-home.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/window_new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/mail_replyall.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-go-down.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_new-bcard.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_bottom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_search-and-replace.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_add-bookmark.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_text_right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/edit-find.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-properties.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/forward.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/bookmark.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_new-tab.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_stop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_text_justify.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/go-down.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_text_italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-indent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/find.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/edit-delete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/edit-paste.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_text_center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/document-save.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-underline.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/lock.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/next.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-go-forward-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-save-as.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/reload.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/mail-reply-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_mail-reply.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/text_under.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_spam.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_properties.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-print-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/editpaste.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-go-forward-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_last.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/format-justify-center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/redhat-home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-go-back-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gnome-searchtool.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/back.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/mail-mark-junk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_file-properites.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/mail_spam.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/search.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-undo-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/bottom.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_print.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-goto-bottom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/finish.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/document-open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/go-bottom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/document-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-copy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-goto-last-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gnome-stock-text-unindent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/reload_all_tabs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/edit-find-replace.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/mail-reply-sender.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/format-indent-more.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/window-close.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-cancel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-stop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_mail-reply-to-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/go-up.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/system-shutdown.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/undo.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/tab-new.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/list-add.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-goto-first-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/edit-select-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/leftjust.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/view-refresh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gnome-lockscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/system-search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/mail_forward.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-strikethrough.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_exit.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/format-justify-right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_down.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-unindent-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/application-exit.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_print-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/document-save-as.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-justify-fill.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_paste.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/view-fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/gtk-justify-left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/text_italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/format-text-strikethrough.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_mail-send-receive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/stock_text-strikethrough.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/filefind.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/actions/folder_new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-audio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/folder_tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-ogg.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/binary.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-psd.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-jar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kword.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-css.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/document.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/txt.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-php.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/ascii.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/mime_ascii.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-x-font-afm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/txt2.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/empty.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-afm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/text-x-copying.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/text-x-script.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/zip.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/www.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-dvi.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-perl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/text-x-source.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-killustrator.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-png.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-python-bytecode.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-fs-regular.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/font_type1.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-sh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csharp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compressed-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-fs-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroEnabled.12.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/font.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/tar.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/template_source.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/text-x-authors.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-ms-dos-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-word.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-python.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/text-x-readme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-gif.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-zip.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-copying.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tarz.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/text-x-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/package.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/package_wordprocessing.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tex.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/x-office-document.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/sound.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzpostscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/shellscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c++src.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/text-html.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-install.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-bmp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/tgz.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/text2.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-credits.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzip.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/package_editors.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/text-x-install.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-makefile.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/misc.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-ttf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-authors.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-html.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/image-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rpm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-linux-psf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-zsh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csrc.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.writer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-tiff.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-wordperfect.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/text-x-changelog.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-vnd.wap.wml.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-chdr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-scribus.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-pcf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-msword.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/font-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/unknown.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-postscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-changelog.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-rtf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/stock_script.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/rpm.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-abiword.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-java-archive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-cmu-raster.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-7z-compressed.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-sunos-news.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-package.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-xpixmap.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/deb.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/font_bitmap.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c++.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-readme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/package-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio-compressed.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/application-x-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/text-x-generic-template.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-shellscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-portable-bitmap.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-bdf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lha.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-jpeg.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lhz.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/wordprocessing.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/font_truetype.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-theme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-stuffit.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/image.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compress.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/text-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/html.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-xhtml+xml.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-xcf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-deb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/audio-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/exec.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-archive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-arj.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/text.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-pdf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/emotes/placeholder   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/applications-office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/applications-internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/applications-system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/xfce-multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/gnome-globe.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/gnome-multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/xfce-system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/gnome-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/package_network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/redhat-office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/applications-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/gnome-settings.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/redhat-programming.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/package_system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/gnome-applications.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/xfce4-settings.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/redhat-preferences.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/gtk-preferences.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/stock_internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/gnome-devel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/kcontrol.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/applications-multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/applications-development.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/applications-utilities.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/preferences-desktop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/xfce-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/applications-accessories.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/redhat-system_tools.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/redhat-internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/redhat-accessories.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/package_graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/gnome-control-center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/xfce-utils.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/gnome-system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/xfce-internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/xfce-office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/xfce-devel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/package_multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/redhat-sound_video.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/package_utilities.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/redhat-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/package_development.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/package_office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/categories/gnome-util.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/clock.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/help.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/ksysguard.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/web-browser.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/gnome-session-halt.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/khelpcenter.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/xfce-terminal.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/preferences-system-windows.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/kwin.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/susehelpcenter.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/xfwm4.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/gtkpod.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/gtk-help.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/browser.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/redhat-email.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/screensaver.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/file-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/accessories-text-editor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/file-roller.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/kscreensaver.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/internet-mail.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/gnome-session-logout.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/xfce-filemanager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/konsole.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/gnome-help.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/rhythmbox-tray-icon.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/mozilla-thunderbird.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/redhat-filemanager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/system-users.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/text-editor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/gnome-app-install.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/gnome-settings-default-applications.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/update-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/xscreensaver.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/system-software-update.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/terminal.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/user-info.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/kfm.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/mozilla-firefox.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/access.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/music-player.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/xfce-man.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/gnome-session-hibernate.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/openterm.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/firefox.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/system-file-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/gnome-logout.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/gnome-terminal.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/accessories-archiver.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/utilities-terminal.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/nautilus-cd-burner.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/rhythmbox.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/email.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/gthumb.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/redhat-web-browser.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/utilities-system-monitor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/evolution.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/gnome-window-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/preferences-desktop-theme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/mail_generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/config-users.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/gnome-settings-accessibility-technologies.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/xfce-edit.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/gnome-screenshot.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/xfce-mail.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/gnome-settings-theme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/internet-web-browser.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/preferences-desktop-screensaver.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/gnome-session-suspend.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/accessibility-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/gnome-session-reboot.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/stock_help.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/kcmkwm.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/help-browser.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/users.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/thunderbird.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/gnome-monitor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/gnome-session-switch.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/gnome-panel-screenshot.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/firefox-icon.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/preferences-desktop-accessibility.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/apps/kedit.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/volume-min.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/stock_volume-mute.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/stock_trash_full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/stock_open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/folder-drag-accept.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/gnome-fs-loading-icon.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/dialog-error.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/audio-volume-high.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/gtk-dialog-error.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/user-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/stock_volume-med.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/messagebox_critical.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/stock_volume-max.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/volume-0.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/dialog-warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/volume-max.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/audio-volume-muted.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/image-loading.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/trashcan_full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/stock_volume-min.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/gnome-fs-directory-visiting.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/messagebox_warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/volume-med.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/gnome-fs-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/folder-visiting.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/gnome-fs-directory-accept.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/stock_dialog-warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/folder_open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/important.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/xfce-trash_full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/audio-volume-medium.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/edittrash.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/stock_volume.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/error.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/stock_dialog-error.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/stock_volume-0.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/gtk-dialog-warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/folder-open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/gnome-stock-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/status/audio-volume-low.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/desktop.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/gnome-fs-share.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/gnome-stock-trash.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/user-trash.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/server.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/folder-remote.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/netnetwork_local.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/netgnome-fs-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/gnome-fs-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/application-x-gnome-saved-search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/netgtk-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/folder-remote-nfs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/stock_folder.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/gnome-fs-desktop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/gnome-fs-home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/emptytrash.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/gnome-fs-ftp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/netgnome-mime-x-directory-smb-workgroup.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/folder-remote-ssh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/gtk-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/gtk-delete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/gnome-fs-nfs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/folder-remote-smb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/gnome-fs-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/gnome-fs-smb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/network_local.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/gtk-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/folder_home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/xfce-trash_empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/network-workgroup.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/user-home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-workgroup.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/network.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/inode-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/folder-saved-search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/folder-remote-ftp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/network-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/gnome-fs-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/folder.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/trashcan_empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/gnome-fs-ssh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/redhat-network-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/user-desktop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/places/stock_delete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-media-ms.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/system.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/media-dvd.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gtk-cdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom-audio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-trash-empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-keyboard.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/media-dvdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/cdwriter_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-dvd.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-printer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/printer.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-media-memory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-media-cf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/computer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/drive-optical.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-floppy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/media-cdrom-audio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/drive-harddisk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/drive-removable-media.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/camera_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-1394.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/harddrive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/dvd_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-removable-1394.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/media-flash.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-ipod.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/camera-photo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-media-sdmmc.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/media-cdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-removable-usb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gtk-harddisk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/media-cdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/yast_idetude.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-usb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/input-keyboard.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-removable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/multimedia-player.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/yast_HD.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-printer-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/media-floppy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/camera.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-media-sm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-fs-client.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/hdd_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-printer-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr-plus.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdram.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/media-optical.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/cdrom_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-computer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/gnome-dev-symlink.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/devices/usbpendrive_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/emblems/placeholder  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/filesystems/gnome-fs-share.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/filesystems/gnome-fs-ftp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/filesystems/gnome-fs-nfs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/filesystems/gnome-fs-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/filesystems/placeholder lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/filesystems/gnome-fs-smb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/128x128/filesystems/gnome-fs-ssh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/up.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/window_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/edit-copy.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_save.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/text_strike.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_new-appointment.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-close.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/editdelete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/filesaveas.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/mail-message-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/editcut.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/system-lock-screen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-unindent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-find-and-replace.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_new-address-book.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/reload_page.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-add.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/tab_new.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_cut.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/mail-send-receive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/bookmark_add.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_text_indent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_save-as.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/down.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/go-top.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-new.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/filenew.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/fileprint.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-select-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gnome-stock-mail-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gnome-shutdown.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/add.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-unindent-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_text_bold.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/xfce-system-lock.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_help-add-bookmark.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/text_bold.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-cdrom.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gnome-stock-text-indent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stop.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-goto-first-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_new-text.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_redo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/format-text-italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_first.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-refresh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/format-text-underline.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/kfm_home.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-remove.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/bookmarks_list_add.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/filequickprint.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/format-text-bold.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/document-properties.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-no.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-justify-center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/format-justify-left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_text_left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/bookmark-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-justify-right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-indent-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-goto-top.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_new-window.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/format-indent-less.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_undo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/reload3.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-redo-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-yes.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_text_underlined.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/address-book-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/go-first.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_select-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-indent-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/mail_new.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/start.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/view_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/mail_reply.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-find.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/edit-redo.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gohome.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/kfind.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/dialog-cancel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_top.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/fileopen.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-bold.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-go-up.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/redo.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_up.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/edit-undo.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/centrejust.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-apply.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_refresh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_copy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/filesave.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-cut.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_mail-forward.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/contact-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-paste.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/go-next.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_new-dir.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/appointment-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_mail-compose.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/mail-forward.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/rightjust.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/top.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/system-log-out.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-go-back-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/document-print.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-print.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/remove.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/previous.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-ok.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/format-justify-fill.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/edit-cut.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/help-contents.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/process-stop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/list-remove.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-goto-last-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/folder-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/document-print-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/go-previous.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_text_unindent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-save.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/go-last.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/window-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/appointment.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/editcopy.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/go-home.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/window_new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/mail_replyall.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-go-down.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_new-bcard.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_bottom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_search-and-replace.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_add-bookmark.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_text_right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/edit-find.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-properties.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/forward.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/bookmark.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_new-tab.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_stop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_text_justify.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/go-down.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_text_italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-indent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/find.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/edit-delete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/edit-paste.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_text_center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/document-save.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-underline.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/lock.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/next.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-go-forward-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-save-as.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/reload.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/mail-reply-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_mail-reply.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/text_under.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_spam.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_properties.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-print-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/editpaste.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-go-forward-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_last.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/format-justify-center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/redhat-home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-go-back-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gnome-searchtool.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-open.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/back.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/mail-mark-junk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_file-properites.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-home.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/mail_spam.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/search.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-undo-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/bottom.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_print.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-goto-bottom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/finish.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/document-open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/go-bottom.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/document-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-copy.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-goto-last-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gnome-stock-text-unindent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/reload_all_tabs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/edit-find-replace.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/mail-reply-sender.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/format-indent-more.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/window-close.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-cancel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-stop.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_mail-reply-to-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/go-up.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/system-shutdown.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/undo.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/tab-new.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/list-add.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-goto-first-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/edit-select-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/leftjust.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/view-refresh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gnome-lockscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/system-search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/mail_forward.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-strikethrough.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_exit.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/format-justify-right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_down.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-unindent-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/application-exit.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_print-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/document-save-as.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-justify-fill.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_paste.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/view-fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/gtk-justify-left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/text_italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/format-text-strikethrough.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_mail-send-receive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/stock_text-strikethrough.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/filefind.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/actions/folder_new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-audio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/folder_tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-ogg.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/binary.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-psd.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-jar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kword.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-css.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/document.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/txt.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-php.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/ascii.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/mime_ascii.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-x-font-afm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/txt2.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/empty.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-afm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/text-x-copying.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/text-x-script.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/zip.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/www.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-dvi.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-perl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/text-x-source.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-killustrator.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-png.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-python-bytecode.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-fs-regular.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/font_type1.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-sh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csharp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compressed-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-fs-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroEnabled.12.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/font.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/tar.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/template_source.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/text-x-authors.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-ms-dos-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-word.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-python.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/text-x-readme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-gif.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-zip.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-copying.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tarz.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/text-x-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/package.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/package_wordprocessing.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tex.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/x-office-document.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/sound.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzpostscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/shellscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c++src.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/text-html.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-install.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-bmp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/tgz.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/text2.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-credits.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzip.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/package_editors.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/text-x-install.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-makefile.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/misc.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-ttf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-authors.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-html.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/image-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rpm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-linux-psf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-zsh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csrc.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.writer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-tiff.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-wordperfect.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/text-x-changelog.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-vnd.wap.wml.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-chdr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-scribus.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-pcf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-msword.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/font-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/unknown.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-postscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-changelog.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-rtf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/stock_script.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/rpm.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-abiword.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-java-archive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-cmu-raster.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-7z-compressed.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-sunos-news.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-package.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-xpixmap.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/deb.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/font_bitmap.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c++.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-readme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/package-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio-compressed.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/application-x-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/text-x-generic-template.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-shellscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-portable-bitmap.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-bdf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lha.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-jpeg.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lhz.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/wordprocessing.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/font_truetype.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-theme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-stuffit.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/image.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compress.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/text-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/html.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-xhtml+xml.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-xcf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-deb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/audio-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/exec.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-archive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-arj.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/text.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-pdf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/applications-office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/applications-internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/applications-system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/xfce-multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/gnome-globe.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/gnome-multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/xfce-system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/gnome-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/package_network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/redhat-office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/applications-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/gnome-settings.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/redhat-programming.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/package_system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/gnome-applications.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/xfce4-settings.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/redhat-preferences.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/gtk-preferences.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/stock_internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/gnome-devel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/kcontrol.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/applications-multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/applications-development.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/applications-utilities.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/preferences-desktop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/xfce-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/applications-accessories.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/redhat-system_tools.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/redhat-internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/redhat-accessories.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/package_graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/gnome-control-center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/xfce-utils.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/gnome-system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/xfce-internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/xfce-office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/xfce-devel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/package_multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/redhat-sound_video.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/package_utilities.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/redhat-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/package_development.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/package_office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/categories/gnome-util.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/clock.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/help.png          lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/ksysguard.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/web-browser.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/gnome-session-halt.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/khelpcenter.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/xfce-terminal.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/preferences-system-windows.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/kwin.png          lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/susehelpcenter.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/xfwm4.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/gtkpod.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/gtk-help.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/browser.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/redhat-email.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/screensaver.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/file-manager.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/accessories-text-editor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/file-roller.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/kscreensaver.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/internet-mail.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/gnome-session-logout.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/xfce-filemanager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/konsole.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/gnome-help.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/rhythmbox-tray-icon.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/mozilla-thunderbird.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/redhat-filemanager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/system-users.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/text-editor.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/gnome-app-install.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/gnome-settings-default-applications.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/update-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/xscreensaver.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/system-software-update.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/terminal.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/user-info.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/kfm.png           lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/mozilla-firefox.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/access.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/music-player.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/xfce-man.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/gnome-session-hibernate.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/openterm.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/firefox.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/system-file-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/gnome-logout.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/gnome-terminal.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/accessories-archiver.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/utilities-terminal.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/nautilus-cd-burner.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/rhythmbox.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/email.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/gthumb.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/redhat-web-browser.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/utilities-system-monitor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/evolution.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/gnome-window-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/preferences-desktop-theme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/mail_generic.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/config-users.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/gnome-settings-accessibility-technologies.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/xfce-edit.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/gnome-screenshot.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/xfce-mail.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/gnome-settings-theme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/internet-web-browser.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/preferences-desktop-screensaver.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/gnome-session-suspend.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/accessibility-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/gnome-session-reboot.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/stock_help.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/kcmkwm.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/help-browser.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/users.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/thunderbird.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/gnome-monitor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/gnome-session-switch.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/gnome-panel-screenshot.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/firefox-icon.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/preferences-desktop-accessibility.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/apps/kedit.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/volume-min.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/stock_volume-mute.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/stock_trash_full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/stock_open.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/folder-drag-accept.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/gnome-fs-loading-icon.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/dialog-error.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/audio-volume-high.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/gtk-dialog-error.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/user-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/stock_volume-med.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/messagebox_critical.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/stock_volume-max.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/volume-0.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/dialog-warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/volume-max.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/audio-volume-muted.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/image-loading.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/trashcan_full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/stock_volume-min.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/gnome-fs-directory-visiting.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/messagebox_warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/volume-med.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/gnome-fs-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/folder-visiting.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/gnome-fs-directory-accept.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/stock_dialog-warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/folder_open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/important.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/xfce-trash_full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/audio-volume-medium.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/edittrash.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/stock_volume.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/error.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/stock_dialog-error.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/stock_volume-0.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/gtk-dialog-warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/folder-open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/gnome-stock-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/status/audio-volume-low.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/desktop.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/gnome-fs-share.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/gnome-stock-trash.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/user-trash.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/server.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/folder-remote.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/netnetwork_local.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/netgnome-fs-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/gnome-fs-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/application-x-gnome-saved-search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/netgtk-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/folder-remote-nfs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/stock_folder.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/gnome-fs-desktop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/gnome-fs-home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/emptytrash.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/gnome-fs-ftp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/netgnome-mime-x-directory-smb-workgroup.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/folder-remote-ssh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/gtk-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/gtk-delete.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/gnome-fs-nfs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/folder-remote-smb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/gnome-fs-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/gnome-fs-smb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/network_local.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/gtk-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/folder_home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/xfce-trash_empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/network-workgroup.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/user-home.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-workgroup.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/network.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/inode-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/folder-saved-search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/folder-remote-ftp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/network-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/gnome-fs-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/folder.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/trashcan_empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/gnome-fs-ssh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/redhat-network-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/user-desktop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/places/stock_delete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-media-ms.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/system.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/media-dvd.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gtk-cdrom.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom-audio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-trash-empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-keyboard.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/media-dvdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/cdwriter_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-dvd.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-printer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/printer.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-media-memory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-media-cf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/computer.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/drive-optical.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-floppy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/media-cdrom-audio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/drive-harddisk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/drive-removable-media.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/camera_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-1394.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/harddrive.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/dvd_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-removable-1394.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/media-flash.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-ipod.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/camera-photo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-media-sdmmc.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/media-cdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-removable-usb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gtk-harddisk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/media-cdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/yast_idetude.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-usb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/input-keyboard.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-removable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/multimedia-player.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/yast_HD.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-printer-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/media-floppy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/camera.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-media-sm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-fs-client.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/hdd_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-printer-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr-plus.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdram.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/media-optical.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/cdrom_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-computer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/gnome-dev-symlink.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/devices/usbpendrive_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/filesystems/gnome-fs-share.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/filesystems/gnome-fs-ftp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/filesystems/gnome-fs-nfs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/filesystems/gnome-fs-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/filesystems/placeholder lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/filesystems/gnome-fs-smb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/72x72/filesystems/gnome-fs-ssh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/index.theme                  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/up.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/window_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/edit-copy.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_save.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/text_strike.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_new-appointment.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-close.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/editdelete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/filesaveas.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/mail-message-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/editcut.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/system-lock-screen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-unindent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-find-and-replace.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_new-address-book.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/reload_page.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-add.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/tab_new.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_cut.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/mail-send-receive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/bookmark_add.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_text_indent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_save-as.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/down.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/go-top.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-new.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/filenew.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/fileprint.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-select-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gnome-stock-mail-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gnome-shutdown.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/add.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-unindent-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_text_bold.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/xfce-system-lock.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_help-add-bookmark.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/text_bold.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-cdrom.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gnome-stock-text-indent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stop.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-goto-first-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_new-text.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_redo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/format-text-italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_first.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-refresh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/format-text-underline.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/kfm_home.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-remove.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/bookmarks_list_add.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/filequickprint.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/format-text-bold.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/document-properties.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-no.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-justify-center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/format-justify-left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_text_left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/bookmark-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-justify-right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-indent-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-goto-top.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_new-window.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/format-indent-less.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_undo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/reload3.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-redo-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-yes.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_text_underlined.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/address-book-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/go-first.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_select-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-indent-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/mail_new.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/start.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/view_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/mail_reply.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-find.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/edit-redo.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gohome.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/kfind.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/dialog-cancel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_top.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/fileopen.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-bold.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-go-up.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/redo.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_up.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/edit-undo.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/centrejust.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-apply.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_refresh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_copy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/filesave.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-cut.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_mail-forward.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/contact-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-paste.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/go-next.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_new-dir.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/appointment-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_mail-compose.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/mail-forward.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/rightjust.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/top.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/system-log-out.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-go-back-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/document-print.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-print.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/remove.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/previous.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-ok.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/format-justify-fill.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/edit-cut.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/help-contents.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/process-stop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/list-remove.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-goto-last-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/folder-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/document-print-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/go-previous.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_text_unindent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-save.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/go-last.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/window-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/appointment.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/editcopy.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/go-home.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/window_new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/mail_replyall.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-go-down.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_new-bcard.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_bottom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_search-and-replace.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_add-bookmark.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_text_right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/edit-find.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-properties.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/forward.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/bookmark.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_new-tab.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_stop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_text_justify.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/go-down.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_text_italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-indent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/find.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/edit-delete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/edit-paste.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_text_center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/document-save.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-underline.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/lock.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/next.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-go-forward-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-save-as.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/reload.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/mail-reply-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_mail-reply.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/text_under.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_spam.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_properties.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-print-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/editpaste.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-go-forward-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_last.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/format-justify-center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/redhat-home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-go-back-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gnome-searchtool.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-open.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/back.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/mail-mark-junk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_file-properites.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-home.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk_fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/mail_spam.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/search.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-undo-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/bottom.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_print.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-goto-bottom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/finish.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/document-open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/go-bottom.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/document-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-copy.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-goto-last-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gnome-stock-text-unindent.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/reload_all_tabs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/edit-find-replace.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/mail-reply-sender.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/format-indent-more.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/window-close.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-cancel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-stop.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_mail-reply-to-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/go-up.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/system-shutdown.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/undo.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/tab-new.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/list-add.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-goto-first-rtl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/edit-select-all.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/leftjust.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/view-refresh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gnome-lockscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/system-search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/mail_forward.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-strikethrough.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_exit.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/format-justify-right.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_down.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-unindent-ltr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/application-exit.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_print-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/document-save-as.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-justify-fill.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_paste.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/view-fullscreen.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/gtk-justify-left.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/text_italic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/format-text-strikethrough.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_mail-send-receive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/stock_text-strikethrough.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/filefind.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/actions/folder_new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-audio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/folder_tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-ogg.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/binary.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-psd.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-jar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kword.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-css.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/document.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/txt.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-php.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/ascii.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/mime_ascii.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-x-font-afm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/txt2.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/empty.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-afm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/text-x-copying.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/text-x-script.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/zip.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/www.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-dvi.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-perl.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/text-x-source.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-killustrator.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-png.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-python-bytecode.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-fs-regular.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/font_type1.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-sh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csharp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compressed-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-fs-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroEnabled.12.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/font.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/tar.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/template_source.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/text-x-authors.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-ms-dos-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-word.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-python.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/text-x-readme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-gif.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-zip.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-copying.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tarz.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/text-x-preview.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/package.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/package_wordprocessing.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tex.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/x-office-document.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/sound.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzpostscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/shellscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c++src.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/text-html.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-install.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-bmp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/tgz.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/text2.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-credits.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzip.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/package_editors.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/text-x-install.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-makefile.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/misc.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-ttf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-authors.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-html.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/image-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rpm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-linux-psf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-zsh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csrc.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.writer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-tiff.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-wordperfect.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/text-x-changelog.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-vnd.wap.wml.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-chdr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-scribus.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-pcf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-msword.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/font-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/unknown.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-postscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-changelog.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-rtf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/stock_script.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/rpm.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-abiword.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-java-archive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-cmu-raster.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-7z-compressed.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-sunos-news.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-package.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-xpixmap.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/deb.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/font_bitmap.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c++.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-readme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/package-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio-compressed.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/application-x-executable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/text-x-generic-template.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-shellscript.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-portable-bitmap.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-bdf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lha.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-jpeg.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lhz.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/wordprocessing.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/font_truetype.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-theme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-stuffit.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/image.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compress.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/text-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/html.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-xhtml+xml.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-xcf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-deb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/audio-x-generic.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/exec.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-archive.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-arj.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/text.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-pdf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/emotes/placeholder     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/applications-office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/applications-internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/applications-system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/xfce-multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/gnome-globe.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/gnome-multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/xfce-system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/gnome-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/package_network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/redhat-office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/applications-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/gnome-settings.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/redhat-programming.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/package_system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/gnome-applications.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/xfce4-settings.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/redhat-preferences.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/gtk-preferences.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/stock_internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/gnome-devel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/kcontrol.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/applications-multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/applications-development.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/applications-utilities.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/preferences-desktop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/xfce-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/applications-accessories.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/redhat-system_tools.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/redhat-internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/redhat-accessories.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/package_graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/gnome-control-center.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/xfce-utils.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/gnome-system.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/xfce-internet.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/xfce-office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/xfce-devel.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/package_multimedia.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/redhat-sound_video.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/package_utilities.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/redhat-graphics.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/package_development.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/package_office.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/categories/gnome-util.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/clock.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/help.png          lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/ksysguard.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/web-browser.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/gnome-session-halt.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/khelpcenter.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/xfce-terminal.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/preferences-system-windows.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/kwin.png          lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/susehelpcenter.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/xfwm4.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/gtkpod.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/gtk-help.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/browser.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/redhat-email.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/screensaver.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/file-manager.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/accessories-text-editor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/file-roller.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/kscreensaver.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/internet-mail.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/gnome-session-logout.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/xfce-filemanager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/konsole.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/gnome-help.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/rhythmbox-tray-icon.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/mozilla-thunderbird.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/redhat-filemanager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/system-users.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/text-editor.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/gnome-app-install.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/gnome-settings-default-applications.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/update-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/xscreensaver.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/system-software-update.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/terminal.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/user-info.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/kfm.png           lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/mozilla-firefox.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/access.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/music-player.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/xfce-man.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/gnome-session-hibernate.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/openterm.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/firefox.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/system-file-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/gnome-logout.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/gnome-terminal.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/accessories-archiver.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/utilities-terminal.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/nautilus-cd-burner.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/rhythmbox.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/email.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/gthumb.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/redhat-web-browser.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/utilities-system-monitor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/evolution.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/gnome-window-manager.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/preferences-desktop-theme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/mail_generic.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/config-users.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/gnome-settings-accessibility-technologies.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/xfce-edit.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/gnome-screenshot.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/xfce-mail.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/gnome-settings-theme.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/internet-web-browser.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/preferences-desktop-screensaver.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/gnome-session-suspend.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/accessibility-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/gnome-session-reboot.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/stock_help.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/kcmkwm.png        lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/help-browser.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/users.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/thunderbird.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/gnome-monitor.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/gnome-session-switch.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/gnome-panel-screenshot.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/firefox-icon.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/preferences-desktop-accessibility.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/apps/kedit.png         lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/volume-min.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/stock_volume-mute.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/stock_trash_full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/stock_open.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/folder-drag-accept.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/gnome-fs-loading-icon.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/dialog-error.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/audio-volume-high.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/gtk-dialog-error.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/user-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/stock_volume-med.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/messagebox_critical.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/stock_volume-max.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/volume-0.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/dialog-warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/volume-max.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/audio-volume-muted.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/image-loading.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/trashcan_full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/stock_volume-min.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/gnome-fs-directory-visiting.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/messagebox_warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/volume-med.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/gnome-fs-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/folder-visiting.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/gnome-fs-directory-accept.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/stock_dialog-warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/folder_open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/important.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/xfce-trash_full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/audio-volume-medium.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/edittrash.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/stock_volume.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/error.png       lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/stock_dialog-error.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/stock_volume-0.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/gtk-dialog-warning.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/folder-open.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/gnome-stock-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/status/audio-volume-low.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/desktop.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/gnome-fs-share.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/gnome-stock-trash.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/user-trash.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/server.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/folder-remote.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/netnetwork_local.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/netgnome-fs-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/gnome-fs-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/application-x-gnome-saved-search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/netgtk-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/folder-remote-nfs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/stock_folder.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/gnome-fs-desktop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/gnome-fs-home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/emptytrash.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/gnome-fs-ftp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/netgnome-mime-x-directory-smb-workgroup.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/folder-remote-ssh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/gtk-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/gtk-delete.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/gnome-fs-nfs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/folder-remote-smb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/gnome-fs-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/gnome-fs-smb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/network_local.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/gtk-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/folder_home.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/xfce-trash_empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/network-workgroup.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/user-home.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-workgroup.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/network.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/inode-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/folder-saved-search.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/folder-remote-ftp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/network-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/gnome-fs-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/folder.png      lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/trashcan_empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/gnome-fs-ssh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/redhat-network-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/user-desktop.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/places/stock_delete.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-media-ms.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/system.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/media-dvd.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gtk-cdrom.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom-audio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-trash-empty.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-keyboard.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/media-dvdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-trash-full.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdr.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/cdwriter_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-dvd.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-printer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/printer.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-media-memory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-media-cf.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/computer.png   lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/drive-optical.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-floppy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/media-cdrom-audio.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/drive-harddisk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/drive-removable-media.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/camera_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-1394.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/harddrive.png  lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/dvd_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-removable-1394.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/media-flash.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-ipod.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/camera-photo.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-media-sdmmc.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/media-cdrw.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-removable-usb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gtk-harddisk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/media-cdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/yast_idetude.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-usb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/input-keyboard.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-removable.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/multimedia-player.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/yast_HD.png    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-printer-new.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/media-floppy.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/camera.png     lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-media-sm.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-fs-client.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/hdd_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-printer-network.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr-plus.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdram.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/media-optical.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/cdrom_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-computer.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-symlink.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/devices/usbpendrive_unmount.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/emblems/placeholder    lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/filesystems/gnome-fs-share.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/filesystems/gnome-fs-ftp.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/filesystems/gnome-fs-nfs.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/filesystems/gnome-fs-directory.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/filesystems/placeholder lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/filesystems/gnome-fs-smb.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/nuoveXT2/22x22/filesystems/gnome-fs-ssh.png lxde-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/lxmenu-data/LICENSE                     lxmenu-data
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/desktop-directories/lxde-office.directory   lxmenu-data
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/desktop-directories/lxde-hardware.directory lxmenu-data
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/desktop-directories/lxde-utility-accessibility.directory lxmenu-data
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/desktop-directories/lxde-network.directory  lxmenu-data
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/desktop-directories/lxde-utility.directory  lxmenu-data
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/desktop-directories/lxde-graphics.directory lxmenu-data
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/desktop-directories/lxde-system.directory   lxmenu-data
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/desktop-directories/lxde-science-math.directory lxmenu-data
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/desktop-directories/lxde-internet-and-network.directory lxmenu-data
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/desktop-directories/lxde-game.directory     lxmenu-data
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/desktop-directories/lxde-education.directory lxmenu-data
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/desktop-directories/lxde-other.directory    lxmenu-data
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/desktop-directories/lxde-menu-system.directory lxmenu-data
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/desktop-directories/lxde-settings.directory lxmenu-data
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/desktop-directories/lxde-system-tools.directory lxmenu-data
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/desktop-directories/lxde-menu-applications.directory lxmenu-data
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/desktop-directories/lxde-development.directory lxmenu-data
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/desktop-directories/lxde-settings-system.directory lxmenu-data
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/desktop-directories/lxde-look-and-feel.directory lxmenu-data
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/desktop-directories/lxde-audio-video.directory lxmenu-data
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/desktop-directories/lxde-personal.directory lxmenu-data
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/xdg/menus/lxde-applications.menu              lxmenu-data
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/openttd-gfx/LICENSE                     openttd-gfx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/ogfxt_toyland.grf              openttd-gfx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/opengfx.obg                    openttd-gfx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/ogfxc_arctic.grf               openttd-gfx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/ogfx1_base.grf                 openttd-gfx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/ogfxh_tropical.grf             openttd-gfx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/ogfxe_extra.grf                openttd-gfx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/ogfxi_logos.grf                openttd-gfx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/openttd-msx/LICENSE                     openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/boogi_marabi_redfarn.mid       openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/the_hobo_redfarn.mid           openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/mosey_along_redfarn.mid        openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/city_blues_redfarn.mid         openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/big_man_boogie_redfarn.mid     openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/harp_harmony.mid               openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/coconut_run2.mid               openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/tttheme2.mid                   openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/mighty_giant_run.mid           openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/train_filled_with_cash.mid     openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/wood_whistles.mid              openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/modern_motion.mid              openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/chuggachugga.mid               openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/midnight_snow_run.mid          openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/ttsong_iii_imuh3.mid           openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/ultimate_run.mid               openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/5432gone_redfarn.mid           openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/slow_neasy_redfarn.mid         openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/run_for_your_life.mid          openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/linns_basket.mid               openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/ttsong_iv_imuh3.mid            openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/busy_schedule.mid              openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/relax_song.mid                 openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/openmsx.obm                    openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/flying_scotsman.mid            openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/the_fast_route.mid             openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/be_sharp_bw_redfarn.mid        openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/no_work_song_redfarn.mid       openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/chemistry_lab.mid              openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/careless_perc_redfarn.mid      openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/say_what_redfarn.mid           openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/moo_redfarn.mid                openttd-msx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/openttd-sfx/LICENSE                     openttd-sfx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/opensfx.cat                    openttd-sfx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openttd/data/opensfx.obs                    openttd-sfx
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/site.py               python2-six
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/easy-install.pth      python2-six
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/site.pyc              python2-six
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/six-1.12.0-py2.7.egg/EGG-INFO/PKG-INFO python2-six
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/six-1.12.0-py2.7.egg/EGG-INFO/SOURCES.txt python2-six
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/six-1.12.0-py2.7.egg/EGG-INFO/dependency_links.txt python2-six
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/six-1.12.0-py2.7.egg/EGG-INFO/not-zip-safe python2-six
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/six-1.12.0-py2.7.egg/EGG-INFO/top_level.txt python2-six
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/six-1.12.0-py2.7.egg/six.py python2-six
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/six-1.12.0-py2.7.egg/six.pyc python2-six
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/python2-six/LICENSE                     python2-six
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/python_xlib-0.24-py2.7.egg-info/PKG-INFO python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/python_xlib-0.24-py2.7.egg-info/SOURCES.txt python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/python_xlib-0.24-py2.7.egg-info/requires.txt python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/python_xlib-0.24-py2.7.egg-info/dependency_links.txt python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/python_xlib-0.24-py2.7.egg-info/top_level.txt python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/Xcursorfont.py   python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/xobject/cursor.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/xobject/colormap.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/xobject/drawable.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/xobject/cursor.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/xobject/icccm.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/xobject/__init__.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/xobject/resource.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/xobject/fontable.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/xobject/colormap.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/xobject/__init__.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/xobject/resource.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/xobject/icccm.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/xobject/drawable.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/xobject/fontable.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/protocol/rq.py   python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/protocol/__init__.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/protocol/display.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/protocol/structs.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/protocol/__init__.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/protocol/display.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/protocol/request.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/protocol/request.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/protocol/structs.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/protocol/event.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/protocol/event.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/protocol/rq.pyc  python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/ext/composite.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/ext/xinput.pyc   python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/ext/__init__.py  python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/ext/xinerama.py  python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/ext/composite.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/ext/ge.pyc       python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/ext/xfixes.py    python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/ext/__init__.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/ext/randr.py     python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/ext/record.py    python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/ext/security.py  python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/ext/randr.pyc    python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/ext/shape.py     python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/ext/xtest.pyc    python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/ext/security.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/ext/xinerama.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/ext/xtest.py     python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/ext/shape.pyc    python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/ext/xinput.py    python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/ext/xfixes.pyc   python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/ext/ge.py        python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/ext/record.pyc   python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/Xutil.pyc        python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/Xcursorfont.pyc  python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/Xatom.py         python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/__init__.py      python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/Xatom.pyc        python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/display.py       python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/support/vms_connect.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/support/connect.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/support/unix_connect.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/support/__init__.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/support/connect.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/support/unix_connect.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/support/__init__.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/support/lock.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/support/lock.py  python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/support/vms_connect.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/__init__.pyc     python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/display.pyc      python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/rdb.py           python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/xauth.py         python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/XK.pyc           python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/xkb.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/hebrew.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/latin3.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/technical.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/latin2.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/miscellany.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/latin4.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/miscellany.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/__init__.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/korean.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/latin2.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/latin3.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/arabic.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/publishing.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/apl.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/thai.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/apl.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/special.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/__init__.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/hebrew.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/xf86.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/publishing.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/latin1.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/cyrillic.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/xk3270.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/xf86.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/latin1.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/thai.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/greek.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/technical.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/special.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/arabic.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/greek.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/katakana.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/xk3270.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/korean.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/cyrillic.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/katakana.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/latin4.py python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/keysymdef/xkb.pyc python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/error.pyc        python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/threaded.pyc     python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/threaded.py      python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/xauth.pyc        python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/rdb.pyc          python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/X.py             python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/X.pyc            python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/XK.py            python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/error.py         python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Xlib/Xutil.py         python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/python2-xlib/LICENSE                    python2-xlib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/termux-apt-repo/LICENSE                 termux-apt-repo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/termux-apt-repo                               termux-apt-repo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ttf-dejavu/LICENSE                      ttf-dejavu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/DejaVuSerif-Italic.ttf            ttf-dejavu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/DejaVuSerif-Bold.ttf              ttf-dejavu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/DejaVuSansMono-Bold.ttf           ttf-dejavu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/DejaVuSerifCondensed-Italic.ttf   ttf-dejavu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/DejaVuSerif.ttf                   ttf-dejavu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/DejaVuSerif-BoldItalic.ttf        ttf-dejavu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/DejaVuMathTeXGyre.ttf             ttf-dejavu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/DejaVuSansMono-BoldOblique.ttf    ttf-dejavu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/DejaVuSansCondensed-BoldOblique.ttf ttf-dejavu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/DejaVuSans-BoldOblique.ttf        ttf-dejavu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/DejaVuSans.ttf                    ttf-dejavu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/DejaVuSans-Oblique.ttf            ttf-dejavu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/DejaVuSansMono.ttf                ttf-dejavu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/DejaVuSansCondensed-Bold.ttf      ttf-dejavu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/DejaVuSansCondensed-Oblique.ttf   ttf-dejavu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/DejaVuSerifCondensed-Bold.ttf     ttf-dejavu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/DejaVuSansMono-Oblique.ttf        ttf-dejavu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/DejaVuSans-ExtraLight.ttf         ttf-dejavu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/DejaVuSans-Bold.ttf               ttf-dejavu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/DejaVuSerifCondensed-BoldItalic.ttf ttf-dejavu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/DejaVuSerifCondensed.ttf          ttf-dejavu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/DejaVuSansCondensed.ttf           ttf-dejavu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/20-unhint-small-dejavu-serif.conf ttf-dejavu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/57-dejavu-sans-mono.conf         ttf-dejavu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/57-dejavu-serif.conf             ttf-dejavu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/20-unhint-small-dejavu-sans-mono.conf ttf-dejavu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/20-unhint-small-dejavu-sans.conf ttf-dejavu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/57-dejavu-sans.conf              ttf-dejavu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/spell/en.latin1.sug               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/spell/en.utf-8.sug                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/spell/fixdup.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/spell/he.vim                      vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/spell/en.utf-8.spl                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/spell/cleanadd.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/spell/en.latin1.spl               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/spell/yi.vim                      vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/spell/spell.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/spell/check_locales.vim           vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/dot.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/bcc.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/mips_c.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/rst.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/rustc.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/fortran_g77.vim          vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/fpc.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/go.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/tcl.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/modelsim_vcom.vim        vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/irix5_c.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/msbuild.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/cs.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/xbuild.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/fortran_cv.vim           vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/gnat.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/se.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/hp_acc.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/cargo.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/jikes.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/xmllint.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/intel.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/mcs.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/rspec.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/icc.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/erlang.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/xmlwf.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/fortran_elf90.vim        vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/rake.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/sass.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/mipspro_c89.vim          vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/csslint.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/checkstyle.vim           vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/g95.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/php.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/fortran_F.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/ocaml.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/tex.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/rubyunit.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/javac.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/ifort.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/ruby.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/neato.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/gcc.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/pbx.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/pyunit.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/perl.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/haml.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/decada.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/mipspro_cpp.vim          vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/bdf.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/fortran_lf95.vim         vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/stack.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/README.txt               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/tidy.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/splint.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/gfortran.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/ant.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/irix5_cpp.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/context.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/ghc.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/cucumber.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/eruby.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/pylint.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/onsgmls.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/compiler/msvc.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/delmenu.vim                       vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent.vim                        vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/insert.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/version8.txt                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_08.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/popup.txt                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/terminal.txt                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/term.txt                      vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/quickref.txt                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_41.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/if_pyth.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/os_unix.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/pi_tar.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/pi_paren.txt                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/pi_zip.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_42.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/starting.txt                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/ft_rust.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/remote.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/gui.txt                       vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/pi_vimball.txt                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/os_vms.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/version4.txt                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/motion.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/testing.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/os_390.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_45.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/pi_gzip.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/howto.txt                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/debugger.txt                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/pi_netrw.txt                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/ft_sql.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/syntax.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/ft_ada.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/pattern.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_43.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/tips.txt                      vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/repeat.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/os_qnx.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_23.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/if_lua.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/if_ole.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/mlang.txt                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/pi_logipat.txt                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/gui_x11.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_40.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/tagsrch.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/arabic.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/textprop.txt                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/message.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/vim2html.pl                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/change.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/if_ruby.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/diff.txt                      vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_90.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/vi_diff.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_12.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_22.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/russian.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/sign.txt                      vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/spell.txt                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_27.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/version5.txt                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_07.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/undo.txt                      vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/cmdline.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/index.txt                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/fold.txt                      vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/os_mint.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/hebrew.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_09.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/os_win32.txt                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/intro.txt                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/version7.txt                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/eval.txt                      vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_29.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/workshop.txt                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/quotes.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/scroll.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/map.txt                       vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_20.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_04.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/indent.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_21.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/hangulin.txt                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_24.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/tags                          vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/version6.txt                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/if_mzsch.txt                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_26.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/helphelp.txt                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_03.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/windows.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_toc.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/various.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_25.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/if_sniff.txt                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/os_os2.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_44.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/todo.txt                      vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/os_msdos.txt                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_32.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/autocmd.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/pi_getscript.txt              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/quickfix.txt                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/os_dos.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_31.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_01.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/editing.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/os_risc.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/sponsor.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/debug.txt                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/farsi.txt                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/if_cscop.txt                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_06.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_30.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/gui_w32.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/if_perl.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/recover.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_28.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_11.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/help.txt                      vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/os_beos.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_05.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/os_mac.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/options.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/tabpage.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_02.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/netbeans.txt                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/if_tcl.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/print.txt                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/develop.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/channel.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/mbyte.txt                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/filetype.txt                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/uganda.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/visual.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/usr_10.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/rileft.txt                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/os_amiga.txt                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/digraph.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/doc/pi_spec.txt                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indoff.vim                        vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/dtd.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/dtrace.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/xslt.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/hamster.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/scala.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/manconf.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/gitsendemail.vim         vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/diff.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/arch.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/logcheck.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/ishd.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/conf.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/scheme.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/mailcap.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/gprof.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/zsh.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/crm.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/a2ps.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/kwt.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/rnc.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/occam.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/rhelp.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/rst.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/bash.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/ada.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/vim.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/indent.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/framescript.vim          vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/setserial.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/ld.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/udevrules.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/chicken.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/udevperm.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/bst.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/go.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/sgml.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/csh.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/m4.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/wast.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/tcl.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/verilog.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/slpconf.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/yaml.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/pyrex.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/kconfig.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/cvsrc.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/cs.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/alsaconf.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/xdefaults.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/eterm.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/lftp.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/python.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/muttrc.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/msmessages.vim           vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/reva.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/debcontrol.vim           vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/limits.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/sysctl.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/rnoweb.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/lprolog.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/svg.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/dictconf.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/quake.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/html.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/dosini.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/qf.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/sh.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/rpl.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/erlang.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/pinfo.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/sbt.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/scss.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/aspvbs.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/groovy.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/nroff.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/xs.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/abap.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/matlab.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/cdrdaoconf.vim           vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/spec.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/logtalk.dict             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/vroom.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/git.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/vb.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/elinks.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/racc.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/clojure.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/netrc.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/awk.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/tmux.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/loginaccess.vim          vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/abaqus.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/sass.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/htmldjango.vim           vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/falcon.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/mrxvtrc.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/pdf.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/registry.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/sshconfig.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/eiffel.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/cobol.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/jproperties.vim          vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/nsis.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/screen.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/fortran.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/lua.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/terminfo.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/vhdl.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/objc.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/xf86conf.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/php.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/treetop.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/readline.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/gitconfig.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/hostconf.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/markdown.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/javascript.vim           vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/ocaml.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/tex.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/css.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/dircolors.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/modconf.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/grub.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/mplayerconf.vim          vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/bzl.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/debchangelog.vim         vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/procmail.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/prolog.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/liquid.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/btm.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/zimbu.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/fvwm.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/cfg.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/nanorc.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/json.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/hgcommit.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/jsp.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/config.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/perl6.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/cpp.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/ruby.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/postscr.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/xsd.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/mail.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/sensors.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/8th.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/dockerfile.vim           vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/services.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/xinetd.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/sieve.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/udevconf.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/passwd.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/mma.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/ch.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/dosbatch.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/tt2html.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/perl.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/gitrebase.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/haml.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/xhtml.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/make.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/logindefs.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/automake.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/sudoers.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/fetchmail.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/java.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/denyhosts.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/gdb.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/pascal.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/calendar.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/lisp.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/dictdconf.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/bdf.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/libao.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/mf.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/protocols.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/mp.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/cmake.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/plaintex.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/j.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/changelog.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/haskell.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/logtalk.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/less.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/tcsh.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/slpreg.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/systemverilog.vim        vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/README.txt               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/text.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/sql.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/rrst.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/pamconf.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/art.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/systemd.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/mailaliases.vim          vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/ant.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/c.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/slpspi.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/xmodmap.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/context.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/aap.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/hog.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/group.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/rmd.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/javascriptreact.vim      vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/updatedb.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/flexwiki.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/gitcommit.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/xml.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/man.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/help.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/neomuttrc.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/dune.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/initex.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/hostsaccess.vim          vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/docbk.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/cucumber.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/eruby.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/rust.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/gpg.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/csc.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin/r.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/filetype.vim                      vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/synmenu.vim                       vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/defaults.vim                      vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/tutor/tutor.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/tutor/tutor                       vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/tutor/tutor.utf-8                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/paste.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/xml/html40t.vim          vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/xml/html32.vim           vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/xml/xhtml10t.vim         vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/xml/xhtml10f.vim         vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/xml/xsl.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/xml/html401f.vim         vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/xml/html40f.vim          vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/xml/xhtml11.vim          vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/xml/xsd.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/xml/html40s.vim          vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/xml/html401t.vim         vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/xml/xhtml10s.vim         vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/xml/html401s.vim         vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/phpcomplete.vim          vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/netrwSettings.vim        vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/haskellcomplete.vim      vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/ada.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/htmlcomplete.vim         vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/tar.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/sqlcomplete.vim          vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/clojurecomplete.vim      vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/gnat.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/zip.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/pythoncomplete.vim       vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/vimball.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/adacomplete.vim          vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/dist/ft.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/rustfmt.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/xmlformat.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/netrw_gitignore.vim      vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/spellfile.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/tohtml.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/javascriptcomplete.vim   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/syntaxcomplete.vim       vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/netrwFileHandlers.vim    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/rubycomplete.vim         vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/python3complete.vim      vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/RstFold.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/decada.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/ccomplete.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/gzip.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/getscript.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/README.txt               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/csscomplete.vim          vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/context.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/xmlcomplete.vim          vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/contextcomplete.vim      vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/netrw.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/autoload/rust.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/slang.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/gretl.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/dtd.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/initng.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/bindzone.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/dtrace.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/jovial.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/wml.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/dylanintr.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/rcslog.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/takcmp.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/xslt.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/hamster.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/bzr.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/form.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/cmusrc.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/mallard.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/plsql.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sqr.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/conaryrecipe.vim           vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/ia64.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/scala.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/ptcap.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/xkb.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/ibasic.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/remind.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/virata.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/fdcc.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/coco.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/manconf.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/gitsendemail.vim           vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/ora.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/strace.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/freebasic.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/cdrtoc.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/diff.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/tads.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/htmlcheetah.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/arch.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/cupl.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/yacc.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/simula.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/ishd.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/pcap.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/dot.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/conf.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/vera.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/scheme.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/mailcap.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/def.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/uil.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/gprof.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/idl.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/mmix.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/zsh.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/webmacro.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/catalog.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/crm.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/autoit.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/a2ps.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sindacmp.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/kwt.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/rnc.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/skill.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/ecd.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/master.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/occam.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/avra.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sqloracle.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/rhelp.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/esmtprc.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/asn.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/rst.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/bash.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/exim.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/uc.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/ada.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/pike.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/lotos.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/xbl.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/specman.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/vim.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/modsim3.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/gkrellmrc.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/csdl.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/slrnrc.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/gitolite.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/maple.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/modula2.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/haste.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sm.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/messages.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/indent.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/snobol4.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/dirpager.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/wsh.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/cabal.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/framescript.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/privoxy.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/wget.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/setserial.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/pccts.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/ld.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/kivy.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/idlang.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/fan.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/ldif.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/chaskell.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/udevrules.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/jargon.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/chicken.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/udevperm.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/bst.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sqlforms.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/go.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/lscript.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/debsources.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sgml.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/csh.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/m4.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/wast.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/typescript.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/maxima.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/tcl.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/nastran.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/texinfo.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/amiga.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/promela.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/autohotkey.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/exports.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sed.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/rexx.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/verilog.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/slpconf.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/slrnsc.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/yaml.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/litestep.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/ayacc.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/tar.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/pyrex.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/cweb.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/kconfig.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/cvsrc.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/cs.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/alsaconf.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/xdefaults.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/resolv.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sqlanywhere.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/eterm.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/gnash.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/lftp.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/godoc.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/dcl.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/2html.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/tt2.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/jess.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/monk.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/python.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/trustees.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/takout.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/tasm.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/muttrc.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sisu.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/msmessages.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/reva.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/bc.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/debcontrol.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/ave.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/smil.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/limits.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sysctl.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/rnoweb.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/pli.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/lprolog.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/ipfilter.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/ppwiz.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/wdiff.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/st.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/lifelines.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/valgrind.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/lilo.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/svg.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/groff.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/lynx.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/inform.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/ampl.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/dictconf.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/quake.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/tpp.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/html.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/dosini.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/docbkxml.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/asm68k.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/tf.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/desc.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/focexec.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/lace.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/qf.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sh.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/rpl.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/hollywood.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/mel.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/desktop.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/eviews.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/fasm.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/papp.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/latte.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/erlang.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/autodoc.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/pinfo.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/upstreamrpt.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/tssgm.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/nosyntax.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sbt.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/scss.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/asterisk.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/elf.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/aspvbs.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/groovy.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/smarty.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/aspperl.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/nroff.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/xs.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/samba.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/rebol.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/abap.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/ahdl.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/expect.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/pic.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/matlab.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/cdrdaoconf.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/django.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/spec.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/mmp.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/tli.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/aflex.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/vroom.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/git.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/mysql.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/vb.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/aml.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sdl.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/masm.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/abel.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/clean.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/mgp.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sml.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/elinks.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/racc.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/clojure.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/voscm.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/openroad.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/netrc.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/snnsres.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/awk.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/syncolor.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/tmux.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/moo.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/loginaccess.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/blank.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/abaqus.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sass.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/htmldjango.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/psf.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/falcon.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sqlj.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/cl.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/z8a.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/colortest.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/mrxvtrc.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/pdf.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/registry.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sshconfig.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/cynpp.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/eiffel.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/cobol.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/jproperties.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/nsis.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/asteriskvm.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/vgrindefs.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/povini.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/trasys.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/screen.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/basic.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/pf.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/b.vim                      vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/fortran.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/nqc.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/lsl.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/lua.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/n1ql.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/tilde.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/terminfo.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/taskedit.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/rpcgen.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/xxd.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/prescribe.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/vhdl.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/snnsnet.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/redif.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/arduino.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/rng.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/objc.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/htmlm4.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/xf86conf.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/php.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/upstart.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/grads.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/dcd.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/mupad.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sas.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/hastepreproc.vim           vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/treetop.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/manual.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/lite.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/ldapconf.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/datascript.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/xpm.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/fgl.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sather.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/antlr.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/spyce.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/readline.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/cterm.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/fvwm2m4.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/euphoria3.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sinda.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/mason.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/pfmain.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/gitconfig.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/hostconf.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/phtml.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/ninja.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/xpm2.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/whitespace.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/hercules.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/lpc.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/esterel.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/tak.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/dsl.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/cynlib.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/winbatch.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/vrml.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/markdown.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/javascript.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sicad.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/po.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/tt2js.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/progress.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/jgraph.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/ocaml.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/acedb.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/dracula.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/forth.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/tex.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/spup.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/css.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/dts.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/lout.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/debcopyright.vim           vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/icon.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/robots.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/taskdata.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/dircolors.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/stp.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/modconf.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/mush.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/cvs.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/asciidoc.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/grub.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/mplayerconf.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/bzl.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/debchangelog.vim           vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/procmail.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/web.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sqlinformix.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/foxpro.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/purifylog.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/prolog.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/gsp.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/liquid.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/xquery.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/mgl.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/hitest.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/edif.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/asm.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/change.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/plp.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sshdconfig.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sd.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/wsml.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/javacc.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/iss.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/tssop.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sendpr.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/btm.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/template.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/ppd.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/zimbu.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/fvwm.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/gp.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/scilab.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/cfg.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/upstreamdat.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/chaiscript.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/tap.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/smcl.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/cf.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/tags.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/doxygen.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/nanorc.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/pod.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/smith.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/srec.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/modula3.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/json.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sdc.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/plm.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/ncf.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/xmath.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/cuda.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/hgcommit.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/jsp.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/config.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/perl6.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/pine.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/d.vim                      vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/jam.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/cpp.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/ruby.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/postscr.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/vmasm.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/xsd.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/mail.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sensors.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/omnimark.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/8th.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/dockerfile.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/gedcom.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/lss.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/services.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/chordpro.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/kix.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/rib.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/cdl.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/xinetd.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/texmf.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/pov.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/apache.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sieve.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/cuplsim.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/fstab.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/a65.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/pilrc.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/kscript.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/hex.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/upstreamlog.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/asmh8300.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/wvdial.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/udevconf.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/passwd.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/mma.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/nasm.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/ch.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/dylanlid.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/dosbatch.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/aptconf.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/tt2html.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/diva.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/usserverlog.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/perl.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/docbksgml.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/mix.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sgmllnx.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/gitrebase.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sindaout.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/haml.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/xhtml.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/make.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/proto.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/logindefs.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/automake.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sgmldecl.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sudoers.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/synload.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/euphoria4.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/icemenu.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/fetchmail.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/mib.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/java.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/natural.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/tsscl.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/denyhosts.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/gdb.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/pascal.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/calendar.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/chill.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/jal.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/named.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/elmfilt.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/vsejcl.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/inittab.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/ctrlh.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/syntax.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/lisp.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/dictdconf.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/bdf.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/viminfo.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/libao.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/mf.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/rc.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/htmlos.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/protocols.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/mp.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/cmake.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/plaintex.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/j.vim                      vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/dtml.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/msql.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/changelog.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/spice.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/rtf.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/lex.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/haskell.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/logtalk.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/objcpp.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/upstreaminstalllog.vim     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sl.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/less.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/squid.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/tcsh.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/crontab.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/slpreg.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/svn.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/abc.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/msidl.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/clipper.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/systemverilog.vim          vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/README.txt                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/gdmo.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/ist.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/esqlc.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/tsalt.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/verilogams.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sql.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/obj.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/tidy.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/cmod.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/rrst.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/pamconf.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/dns.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/art.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/splint.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/stata.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/radiance.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/dylan.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/apachestyle.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/systemd.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/mailaliases.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/ant.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/c.vim                      vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/rcs.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/slpspi.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/xmodmap.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/context.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/hb.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/aap.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/hog.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/group.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/rmd.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/cheetah.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/javascriptreact.vim        vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/bib.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/sqlhana.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/updatedb.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/gnuplot.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/csp.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/flexwiki.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/baan.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/gitcommit.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/raml.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/xml.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/man.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/slice.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/help.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/neomuttrc.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/dune.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/lhaskell.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/usw2kagtlog.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/initex.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/murphi.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/hostsaccess.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/docbk.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/atlas.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/dnsmasq.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/opl.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/netrw.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/model.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/cucumber.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/vue.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/eruby.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/rust.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/ratpoison.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/teraterm.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/gpg.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/gtkrc.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/csc.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/r.vim                      vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/syntax/snnspat.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugin.vim                      vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/gvimrc_example.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/scripts.vim                       vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/pack/dist/opt/editexisting/plugin/editexisting.vim vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/pack/dist/opt/cfilter/plugin/cfilter.vim vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/pack/dist/opt/justify/plugin/justify.vim vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/pack/dist/opt/matchit/doc/matchit.txt vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/pack/dist/opt/matchit/doc/tags    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/pack/dist/opt/matchit/autoload/matchit.vim vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/pack/dist/opt/matchit/plugin/matchit.vim vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/pack/dist/opt/swapmouse/plugin/swapmouse.vim vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/pack/dist/opt/shellmenu/plugin/shellmenu.vim vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/pack/dist/opt/dvorak/dvorak/disable.vim vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/pack/dist/opt/dvorak/dvorak/enable.vim vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/pack/dist/opt/dvorak/plugin/dvorak.vim vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/pack/dist/opt/termdebug/plugin/termdebug.vim vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/evim.vim                          vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/macros/swapmous.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/macros/justify.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/macros/life/life.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/macros/life/click.me              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/macros/urm/urm.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/macros/urm/examples               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/macros/urm/urm                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/macros/urm/README.txt             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/macros/shellmenu.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/macros/maze/maze_5.78             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/macros/maze/maze_mac              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/macros/maze/mazeclean.c           vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/macros/maze/maze.c                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/macros/maze/Makefile              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/macros/maze/mazeansi.c            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/macros/maze/README.txt            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/macros/maze/poster                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/macros/less.bat                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/macros/hanoi/click.me             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/macros/hanoi/hanoi.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/macros/hanoi/poster               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/macros/less.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/macros/README.txt                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/macros/editexisting.vim           vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/macros/matchit.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/macros/less.sh                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/vimrc_example.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/menu.vim                          vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/rgb.txt                           vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/colors/murphy.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/colors/evening.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/colors/morning.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/colors/slate.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/colors/ron.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/colors/zellner.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/colors/shine.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/colors/default.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/colors/tools/check_colors.vim     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/colors/desert.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/colors/blue.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/colors/torte.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/colors/darkblue.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/colors/koehler.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/colors/pablo.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/colors/peachpuff.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/colors/README.txt                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/colors/elflord.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/colors/delek.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/colors/industry.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/mswin.vim                         vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/optwin.vim                        vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/plugin/getscriptPlugin.vim        vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/plugin/matchparen.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/plugin/manpager.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/plugin/rrhelper.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/plugin/tarPlugin.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/plugin/spellfile.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/plugin/tohtml.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/plugin/netrwPlugin.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/plugin/gzip.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/plugin/README.txt                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/plugin/logiPat.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/plugin/zipPlugin.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/plugin/vimballPlugin.vim          vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/bugreport.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftoff.vim                         vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/dtd.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/dtrace.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/xslt.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/hamster.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/scala.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/yacc.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/ishd.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/scheme.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/zsh.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/occam.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/rhelp.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/rst.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/bash.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/ada.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/vim.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/gitolite.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/framescript.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/ld.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/idlang.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/bst.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/go.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/wast.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/typescript.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/tcl.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/verilog.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/yaml.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/pyrex.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/cs.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/sqlanywhere.vim            vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/eterm.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/python.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/rnoweb.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/lifelines.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/dictconf.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/html.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/tf.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/sh.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/rpl.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/erlang.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/scss.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/matlab.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/vroom.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/vb.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/sdl.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/sml.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/clojure.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/awk.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/sass.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/htmldjango.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/falcon.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/eiffel.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/cobol.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/nsis.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/fortran.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/lua.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/tilde.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/vhdl.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/objc.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/xf86conf.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/php.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/sas.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/treetop.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/readline.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/gitconfig.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/javascript.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/ocaml.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/tex.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/css.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/bzl.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/prolog.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/liquid.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/zimbu.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/chaiscript.vim             vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/json.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/cuda.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/jsp.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/config.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/perl6.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/d.vim                      vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/cpp.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/ruby.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/postscr.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/xsd.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/mail.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/cdl.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/xinetd.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/pov.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/mma.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/ch.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/dosbatch.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/perl.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/haml.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/xhtml.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/make.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/automake.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/java.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/pascal.vim                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/lisp.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/dictdconf.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/mf.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/mp.vim                     vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/cmake.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/j.vim                      vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/changelog.vim              vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/logtalk.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/less.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/tcsh.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/systemverilog.vim          vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/README.txt                 vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/sql.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/rrst.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/dylan.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/systemd.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/ant.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/c.vim                      vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/context.vim                vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/aap.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/hog.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/rmd.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/javascriptreact.vim        vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/bib.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/raml.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/xml.vim                    vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/docbk.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/cucumber.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/eruby.vim                  vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/rust.vim                   vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/teraterm.vim               vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/indent/r.vim                      vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/vim/vim81/ftplugof.vim                      vim-runtime
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xbitmaps.pc                         xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/box6                          xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/cntr_ptrmsk                   xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/dimple3                       xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/stipple                       xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/dot                           xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/right_ptr                     xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/xlogo16                       xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/1x1                           xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/calculator                    xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/star                          xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/target                        xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/right_ptrmsk                  xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/starMask                      xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/sipb                          xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/gray                          xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/grid8                         xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/gray3                         xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/2x2                           xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/mensetmanus                   xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/woman                         xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/wide_weave                    xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/escherknot                    xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/opendot                       xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/flagdown                      xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/boxes                         xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/root_weave                    xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/weird_size                    xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/flipped_gray                  xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/mailfullmsk                   xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/icon                          xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/scales                        xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/xsnow                         xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/grid2                         xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/dropbar7                      xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/light_gray                    xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/gray1                         xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/mailemptymsk                  xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/xlogo11                       xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/xfd_icon                      xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/menu16                        xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/letters                       xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/menu10                        xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/terminal                      xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/flagup                        xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/wingdogs                      xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/xlogo64                       xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/plaid                         xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/menu12                        xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/opendotMask                   xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/hlines2                       xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/black6                        xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/left_ptr                      xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/noletters                     xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/cntr_ptr                      xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/dimple1                       xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/vlines2                       xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/mailfull                      xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/vlines3                       xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/xlogo32                       xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/cross_weave                   xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/grid16                        xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/hlines3                       xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/mailempty                     xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/menu8                         xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/black                         xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/tie_fighter                   xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/keyboard16                    xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/menu6                         xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/grid4                         xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/dropbar8                      xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/bitmaps/left_ptrmsk                   xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/xbitmaps/LICENSE                        xbitmaps
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-proto.pc                        xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/xcbgen/state.pyo      xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/xcbgen/error.pyo      xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/xcbgen/xtypes.py      xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/xcbgen/xtypes.pyc     xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/xcbgen/__init__.py    xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/xcbgen/__init__.pyo   xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/xcbgen/__init__.pyc   xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/xcbgen/expr.pyc       xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/xcbgen/state.py       xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/xcbgen/align.pyo      xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/xcbgen/matcher.py     xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/xcbgen/xtypes.pyo     xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/xcbgen/expr.py        xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/xcbgen/expr.pyo       xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/xcbgen/matcher.pyc    xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/xcbgen/align.pyc      xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/xcbgen/error.pyc      xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/xcbgen/state.pyc      xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/xcbgen/error.py       xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/xcbgen/align.py       xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/xcbgen/matcher.pyo    xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/xcb-proto/LICENSE                       xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/glx.xml                                 xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/xevie.xml                               xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/xinerama.xml                            xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/xv.xml                                  xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/xkb.xml                                 xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/xselinux.xml                            xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/composite.xml                           xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/sync.xml                                xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/bigreq.xml                              xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/render.xml                              xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/dpms.xml                                xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/xtest.xml                               xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/xinput.xml                              xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/xf86vidmode.xml                         xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/xcb.xsd                                 xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/dri2.xml                                xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/res.xml                                 xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/shape.xml                               xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/record.xml                              xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/xvmc.xml                                xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/dri3.xml                                xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/present.xml                             xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/xf86dri.xml                             xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/xproto.xml                              xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/screensaver.xml                         xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/shm.xml                                 xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/xfixes.xml                              xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/ge.xml                                  xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/randr.xml                               xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/xprint.xml                              xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/xc_misc.xml                             xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xcb/damage.xml                              xcb-proto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xkeyboard-config.pc                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/xkeyboard-config/LICENSE                xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man7/xkeyboard-config.7.gz              xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/ataritt                    xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/sanwa                      xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/sun                        xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/pc                         xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/README                     xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/hp                         xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/nec                        xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/thinkpad                   xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/amiga                      xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/digital_vndr/unix          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/digital_vndr/pc            xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/digital_vndr/lk            xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/macintosh                  xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/sony                       xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/hhk                        xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/winbook                    xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/typematrix                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/sgi_vndr/indigo            xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/sgi_vndr/O2                xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/sgi_vndr/indy              xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/everex                     xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/chicony                    xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/teck                       xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/steelseries                xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/nokia                      xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/microsoft                  xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/dell                       xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/kinesis                    xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/northgate                  xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/keytronic                  xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/geometry/fujitsu                    xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/terminate                   xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/br                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/th                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/mm                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/am                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/capslock                    xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/tj                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/me                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sharp_vndr/ws011sh          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sharp_vndr/sl-c3x00         xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sharp_vndr/ws020sh          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sharp_vndr/ws003sh          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sharp_vndr/ws007sh          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/cd                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/mao                         xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/fr                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/rs                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/hp_vndr/us                  xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/parens                      xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/bt                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/be                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/group                       xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/dk                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sn                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/pc                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/macintosh_vndr/fr           xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/macintosh_vndr/dk           xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/macintosh_vndr/no           xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/macintosh_vndr/us           xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/macintosh_vndr/gb           xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/macintosh_vndr/pt           xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/macintosh_vndr/nl           xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/macintosh_vndr/apple        xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/macintosh_vndr/jp           xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/macintosh_vndr/ch           xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/macintosh_vndr/de           xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/macintosh_vndr/latam        xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/macintosh_vndr/se           xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/macintosh_vndr/fi           xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/macintosh_vndr/it           xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/macintosh_vndr/is           xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/id                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/keypad                      xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/tw                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/jolla_vndr/sbj              xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sony_vndr/us                xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/az                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/tm                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/no                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/gh                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/us                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/trans                       xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/tr                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/srvr_ctrl                   xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/al                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/ir                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/es                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/hu                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/ro                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/gb                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/mt                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/tg                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/ara                         xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/ge                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/cz                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/eu                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/ru                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/brai                        xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/kpdl                        xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/pk                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/np                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/digital_vndr/pc             xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/digital_vndr/vt             xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/digital_vndr/us             xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/digital_vndr/lk             xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/fo                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/compose                     xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/la                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/tz                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/pt                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/nl                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/ml                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/altwin                      xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/fujitsu_vndr/us             xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/fujitsu_vndr/jp             xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/bd                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/by                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/jp                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/il                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/gn                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/kz                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/level3                      xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/at                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/ee                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/lt                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/dz                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/pl                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/typo                        xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/mn                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/uz                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/apl                         xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/nokia_vndr/rx-44            xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/nokia_vndr/rx-51            xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/nokia_vndr/su-8w            xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/hr                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/ch                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/si                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/bg                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/kr                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/ma                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/au                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sgi_vndr/jp                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/af                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/gr                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/rupeesign                   xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/ba                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/lv                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/ie                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/ke                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/ua                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/bw                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/in                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sk                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/de                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/za                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/latam                       xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/nec_vndr/jp                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/latin                       xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/eurosign                    xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/xfree68_vndr/ataritt        xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/xfree68_vndr/amiga          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/nbsp                        xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/ph                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/mk                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/shift                       xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/br                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/fr                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/be                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/dk                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/tw                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/no                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/us                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/tr                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/es                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/ro                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/gb                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/ara                xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/cz                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/ru                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/pt                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/nl                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/jp                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/ee                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/lt                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/pl                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/ch                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/kr                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/gr                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/lv                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/ua                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/sk                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/de                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/se                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/fi                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/it                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/ca                 xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sun_vndr/solaris            xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/et                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/level5                      xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/se                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/md                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/inet                        xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/fi                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/lk                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/ctrl                        xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/ng                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/iq                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/it                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/epo                         xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/sy                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/ca                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/mv                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/empty                       xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/cm                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/vn                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/my                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/kh                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/is                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/cn                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/kg                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/olpc                        xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/keycodes/ataritt                    xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/keycodes/sun                        xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/keycodes/README                     xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/keycodes/hp                         xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/keycodes/amiga                      xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/keycodes/evdev                      xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/keycodes/digital_vndr/pc            xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/keycodes/digital_vndr/lk            xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/keycodes/xfree86                    xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/keycodes/macintosh                  xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/keycodes/sony                       xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/keycodes/aliases                    xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/keycodes/ibm                        xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/keycodes/sgi_vndr/iris              xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/keycodes/sgi_vndr/indigo            xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/keycodes/sgi_vndr/indy              xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/keycodes/xfree98                    xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/keycodes/empty                      xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/keycodes/fujitsu                    xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/keycodes/olpc                       xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/keycodes/jolla                      xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/types/iso9995                       xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/types/complete                      xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/types/pc                            xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/types/default                       xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/types/README                        xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/types/basic                         xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/types/caps                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/types/extra                         xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/types/cancel                        xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/types/numpad                        xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/types/level5                        xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/types/nokia                         xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/types/mousekeys                     xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/compat/iso9995                      xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/compat/complete                     xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/compat/pc                           xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/compat/README                       xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/compat/ledcaps                      xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/compat/xfree86                      xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/compat/japan                        xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/compat/basic                        xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/compat/misc                         xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/compat/caps                         xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/compat/pc98                         xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/compat/xtest                        xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/compat/level5                       xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/compat/ledscroll                    xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/compat/lednum                       xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/compat/accessx                      xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/compat/olpc                         xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/compat/mousekeys                    xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/rules/xorg.xml                      xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/rules/xorg                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/rules/base.extras.xml               xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/rules/evdev.xml                     xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/rules/README                        xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/rules/evdev                         xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/rules/base.lst                      xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/rules/xorg.lst                      xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/rules/xkb.its                       xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/rules/evdev.extras.xml              xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/rules/xfree98                       xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/rules/xkb.dtd                       xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/rules/base                          xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/rules/base.xml                      xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/rules/evdev.lst                     xkeyboard-config
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/xorg-fonts-100dpi/LICENSE               xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB10.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS19-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS19.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB19-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS19-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI19-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO14.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI12.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS14.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI08.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI18.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR24.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___18.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR08.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS24.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS19-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/symb18.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR08.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/termB14.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___14.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS18.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI19-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR24.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI19-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR10.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB19-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS19-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB12.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI24.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS10.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR14.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/tech14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS19-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB24.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS19-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR19-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO18.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI12.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS19-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS19-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__18.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS19-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO10.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS19-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS19-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI24.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS19-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS19-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI08.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/symb14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS14.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS19-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS19-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/charB24.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/.uuid                          xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS19-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR19.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__24.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI10.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI10.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR19-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS19-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR08.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/charB08.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR10.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI19-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS12.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS10.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___24.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___18.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR10.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO24.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI18.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/charB12.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI12.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/charR08.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS12.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB14.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS19-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/charB10.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI08.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB24.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS19-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO08.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS12.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR12.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/charBI10.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/symb08.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/charBI12.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO14.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS19.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS19-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR18.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO12.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB08.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS19-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS19-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS08.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/symb24.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI10.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR19-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR12.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR10.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS10.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/charBI08.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO08.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS18.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__14.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS19-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI19-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___24.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI08.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO18.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS19-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI10.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO10.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI19-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO12.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/charBI24.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR19-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB19-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI19-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB12.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB18.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR18.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___12.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB24.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI24.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS19.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS24.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS19-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS19-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS19-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI14.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__18.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/charI14.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS08.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO24.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/charR10.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__12.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/charBI18.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI19.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS19-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB14.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__24.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR19-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__14.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR19-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS10.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS19-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS12.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR14.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS19-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS19-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI14.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO08.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR12.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS08.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB12.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI12.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS19-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/charR12.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO14.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB24.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS19-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS19-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS18.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO10.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/techB14.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI19-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS08.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR24.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR18.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS19-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS19-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/symb12.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS10.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR10.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS24.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS19-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI19.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB18.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI18.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO24.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI14.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS24.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI10.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR12.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI19-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/charR24.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS19-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB19-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS08.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS18.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB19-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS19-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI18.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS19-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI19-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR24.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS24.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS14.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB12.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS19-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___10.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS19-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS19.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB10.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO18.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI19-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/charI10.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__10.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB14.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS12.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS08.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB10.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB08.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR18.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB19-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI10.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS24.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI18.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI12.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO10.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB08.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS19-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/charI24.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR19-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR08.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI24.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB24.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/charR18.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS19.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB18.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB19-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI08.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI19-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS19-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO24.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO12.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS18.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO14.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB18.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS19.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS19-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO08.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__12.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI19-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___14.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/term14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/charR14.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS10.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI14.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO12.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/symb10.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB08.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS19-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB18.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR24.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI24.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___12.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/charB18.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB12.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR12.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS19-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI24.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/charI08.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS19-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB19.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/charI18.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI19-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI19-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO18.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS18.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI18.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/charB14.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB10.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR08.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___10.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/charI12.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR18.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS19-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS19-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI19-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS19-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI12.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB19-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB19-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS19-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/charBI14.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB10.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB08.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS19-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI08.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS19-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__10.pcf.gz                xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courR24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR19-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS12.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTB___18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courO24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courB08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTI___18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timR24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutBS10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubB18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI19-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTRG__24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timB14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenBI12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenR14.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubBI19-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lutRS24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timI18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvBO14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/UTBI__14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz     xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBIS14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/courBO10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luBS10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubR19-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvR10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/lubI18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenB14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luRS18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvB12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/helvO10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/luIS12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/ncenI24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/timBI12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-100dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/xorg-fonts-75dpi/LICENSE                xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB10.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS19-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB14.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS19.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB19-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS19-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI19-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI12.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI08.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI18.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR24.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___18.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR08.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS24.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS19-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/symb18.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR08.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/termB14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___14.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS18.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI19-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR24.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI19-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR10.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB19-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS19-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB12.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI24.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS10.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/tech14.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS14.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS19-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB24.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS19-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR19-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO18.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI12.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS19-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS19-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__18.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS19-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO10.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS19-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS19-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI24.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS19-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS19-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI08.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/symb14.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS19-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS19-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/charB24.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/.uuid                           xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS19-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR19.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__24.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI10.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI10.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR19-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS19-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR08.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/charB08.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR10.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI19-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS12.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS10.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___24.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___18.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR10.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO24.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI18.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/charB12.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI12.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/charR08.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS12.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS19-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/charB10.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI08.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB24.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS19-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO08.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS12.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR12.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/charBI10.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/symb08.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/charBI12.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS19.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS19-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR14.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR18.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO12.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB08.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS19-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS19-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS08.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/symb24.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI10.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR19-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR12.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR10.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS10.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/charBI08.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO08.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS18.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__14.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS19-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI19-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___24.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI08.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO18.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS19-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI10.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO10.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI19-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO12.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/charBI24.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR19-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB19-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI19-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB12.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB18.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR18.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___12.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB24.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI24.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS19.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS24.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS19-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS19-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS19-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI14.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__18.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/charI14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS08.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO24.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/charR10.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__12.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/charBI18.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI19.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS19-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__24.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR19-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__14.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR19-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS10.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS19-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS12.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS19-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS19-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO08.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR12.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS08.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB12.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB14.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI12.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS19-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/charR12.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO14.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB24.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS19-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS19-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS18.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO10.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/techB14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI19-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS08.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR24.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR18.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS19-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS19-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/symb12.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS10.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR10.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS24.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS19-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI19.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB18.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI18.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO24.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS24.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI10.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR12.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI19-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/charR24.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS19-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB19-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS08.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS18.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB19-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS19-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI18.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS19-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI19-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR24.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS24.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB12.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS19-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___10.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI14.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS19-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS19.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB10.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO18.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI19-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/charI10.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__10.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS12.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS08.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB10.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB08.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR18.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB19-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI10.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS24.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI18.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI12.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO10.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB08.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS19-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/charI24.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR19-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR08.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI24.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB24.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/charR18.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS19.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB18.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB19-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI08.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI19-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR14.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS19-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO24.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO12.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS18.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO14.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB18.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS19.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS19-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO08.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__12.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI19-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___14.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/term14.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/charR14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS10.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO12.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/symb10.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB08.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS19-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB18.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR24.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI24.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___12.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/charB18.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB12.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR12.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS19-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI24.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/charI08.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS19-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB19.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/charI18.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI19-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI19-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO18.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS18.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI18.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/charB14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB10.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR08.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___10.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/charI12.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI14.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR18.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS19-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS19-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI19-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__24-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS19-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI12.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB19-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB19-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB08-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS19-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS08-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO08-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/charBI14.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO08-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB10.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS14-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB08.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS19-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI08.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS19-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__10.pcf.gz                 xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__14-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courR24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI14-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO14-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR19-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI08-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO24-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB24-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS12.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI08-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS12-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS18-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR10-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR24-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTB___18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI10-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courO24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courB08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO24-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTI___18-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS08-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS08-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS10-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timR24-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS12-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutBS10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR18-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI10-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI12-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubB18-ISO8859-14.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI10-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI19-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTRG__24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timB14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenBI12-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenR14.pcf.gz                  xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubBI19-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS14-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS14.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI08-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lutRS24-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timI18-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI18-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR12-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvBO14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS12-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI18-ISO8859-2.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/UTBI__14-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz      xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBIS14-ISO8859-9.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/courBO10-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luBS10-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubR19-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS14.pcf.gz                   xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvR10-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/lubI18-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI24-ISO8859-3.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenB14-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luRS18-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz         xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvB12-ISO8859-13.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/helvO10-ISO8859-4.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI14-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/luIS12-ISO8859-10.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/ncenI24-ISO8859-15.pcf.gz       xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/timBI12-ISO8859-1.pcf.gz        xorg-fonts-75dpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/xorg-fonts-alias/LICENSE                xorg-fonts-alias
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/75dpi/fonts.alias                     xorg-fonts-alias
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/100dpi/fonts.alias                    xorg-fonts-alias
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/misc/fonts.alias                      xorg-fonts-alias
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/cyrillic/fonts.alias                  xorg-fonts-alias
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/xorg-fonts-encodings/LICENSE            xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/microsoft-win3.1.enc.gz     xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/ibm-cp866.enc.gz            xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/microsoft-cp1254.enc.gz     xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/microsoft-cp1250.enc.gz     xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/ibm-cp437.enc.gz            xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/tcvn-0.enc.gz               xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/armscii-8.enc.gz            xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/iso8859-13.enc.gz           xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/microsoft-cp1256.enc.gz     xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/microsoft-cp1258.enc.gz     xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/viscii1.1-1.enc.gz          xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/adobe-standard.enc.gz       xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/mulelao-1.enc.gz            xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/iso8859-6.8x.enc.gz         xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/mulearabic-2.enc.gz         xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/iso8859-6.16.enc.gz         xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/mulearabic-1.enc.gz         xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/mulearabic-0.enc.gz         xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/adobe-symbol.enc.gz         xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/ibm-cp852.enc.gz            xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/suneu-greek.enc.gz          xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/microsoft-cp1251.enc.gz     xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/microsoft-cp1252.enc.gz     xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/microsoft-cp1253.enc.gz     xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/ascii-0.enc.gz              xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/adobe-dingbats.enc.gz       xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/tis620-2.enc.gz             xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/dec-special.enc.gz          xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/microsoft-cp1257.enc.gz     xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/ibm-cp850.enc.gz            xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/encodings.dir               xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/microsoft-cp1255.enc.gz     xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/iso8859-11.enc.gz           xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/large/cns11643-3.enc.gz     xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/large/gb2312.1980-0.enc.gz  xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/large/big5hkscs-0.enc.gz    xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/large/jisx0208.1990-0.enc.gz xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/large/jisx0212.1990-0.enc.gz xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/large/gb18030.2000-0.enc.gz xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/large/sun.unicode.india-0.enc.gz xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/large/gb18030-0.enc.gz      xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/large/ksc5601.1987-0.enc.gz xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/large/ksc5601.1992-3.enc.gz xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/large/cns11643-1.enc.gz     xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/large/gb18030.2000-1.enc.gz xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/large/gbk-0.enc.gz          xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/large/big5.eten-0.enc.gz    xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/large/encodings.dir         xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/large/jisx0201.1976-0.enc.gz xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/large/cns11643-2.enc.gz     xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/encodings/iso8859-16.enc.gz           xorg-fonts-encodings
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xorg-macros.pc                      xorg-util-macros
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/xorg-util-macros/LICENSE                xorg-util-macros
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/aclocal/xorg-macros.m4                      xorg-util-macros
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/util-macros/INSTALL                         xorg-util-macros
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/randrproto.pc                       xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xf86driproto.pc                     xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/dmxproto.pc                         xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/resourceproto.pc                    xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xproto.pc                           xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xf86rushproto.pc                    xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/trapproto.pc                        xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/renderproto.pc                      xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xf86vidmodeproto.pc                 xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/scrnsaverproto.pc                   xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xf86bigfontproto.pc                 xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/fontcacheproto.pc                   xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/bigreqsproto.pc                     xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/printproto.pc                       xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/dri2proto.pc                        xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xf86miscproto.pc                    xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xineramaproto.pc                    xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xextproto.pc                        xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xf86dgaproto.pc                     xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/compositeproto.pc                   xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/presentproto.pc                     xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcalibrateproto.pc                  xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/lg3dproto.pc                        xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xproxymngproto.pc                   xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/recordproto.pc                      xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/damageproto.pc                      xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/videoproto.pc                       xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcmiscproto.pc                      xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/evieproto.pc                        xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/inputproto.pc                       xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/fixesproto.pc                       xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/fontsproto.pc                       xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/glproto.pc                          xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/kbproto.pc                          xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/dri3proto.pc                        xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/GL/glxtokens.h                            xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/GL/glxproto.h                             xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/GL/glxint.h                               xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/GL/internal/glcore.h                      xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/GL/glxmd.h                                xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/keysymdef.h                           xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/Xwindows.h                            xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/HPkeysym.h                            xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/Xprotostr.h                           xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/fonts/FS.h                            xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/fonts/fontstruct.h                    xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/fonts/fontproto.h                     xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/fonts/font.h                          xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/fonts/fsmasks.h                       xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/fonts/FSproto.h                       xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/keysym.h                              xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/Xthreads.h                            xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/DECkeysym.h                           xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/Xalloca.h                             xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/XF86keysym.h                          xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/Sunkeysym.h                           xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/Xos_r.h                               xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/Xwinsock.h                            xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/PM/PM.h                               xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/PM/PMproto.h                          xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/Xv.h                       xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/dpmsproto.h                xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/shmproto.h                 xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/lbxproto.h                 xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/ag.h                       xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/mitmiscconst.h             xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/XI.h                       xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/randr.h                    xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/dri3proto.h                xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/dmx.h                      xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xtestext1proto.h           xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/shapeproto.h               xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xf86vmstr.h                xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/shapestr.h                 xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/XKBsrv.h                   xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/randrproto.h               xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/bigreqstr.h                xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/fontcachstr.h              xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xf86dga1proto.h            xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xtestproto.h               xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xf86mscstr.h               xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xf86vmproto.h              xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/fontcache.h                xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/XI2proto.h                 xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/lbx.h                      xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/render.h                   xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/XIproto.h                  xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/EVIproto.h                 xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xcalibrateproto.h          xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/presenttokens.h            xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/Xeviestr.h                 xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/damagewire.h               xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xf86misc.h                 xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/bigreqsproto.h             xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/shapeconst.h               xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/saver.h                    xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/EVI.h                      xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/vldXvMC.h                  xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xcalibratewire.h           xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/damageproto.h              xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xf86dga.h                  xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xfixesproto.h              xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/dri2proto.h                xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xf86bigfstr.h              xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xf86rush.h                 xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/recordproto.h              xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/ge.h                       xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xf86dga1const.h            xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/Print.h                    xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/presentproto.h             xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/XvMC.h                     xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/multibufproto.h            xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/lgewire.h                  xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xf86dgastr.h               xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/fontcacheP.h               xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/panoramiXproto.h           xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xtrapproto.h               xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xf86dga1str.h              xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xtraplibp.h                xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/XResproto.h                xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/geproto.h                  xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xf86dgaconst.h             xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/shm.h                      xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xcmiscproto.h              xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/renderproto.h              xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xtrapemacros.h             xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/cupproto.h                 xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/shmstr.h                   xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/multibufconst.h            xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/dbeproto.h                 xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xtestext1const.h           xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xf86bigfont.h              xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/mitmiscproto.h             xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xtestconst.h               xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xtraplib.h                 xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/recordstr.h                xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/securproto.h               xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/evieproto.h                xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/XvMCproto.h                xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/dbe.h                      xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/dpmsconst.h                xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/XI2.h                      xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xcmiscstr.h                xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xfixeswire.h               xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xtrapddmi.h                xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/syncconst.h                xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/cup.h                      xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/XKBstr.h                   xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/saverproto.h               xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/XKBproto.h                 xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/syncstr.h                  xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xf86rushstr.h              xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xf86bigfproto.h            xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xf86dgaproto.h             xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/compositeproto.h           xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/secur.h                    xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/dri2tokens.h               xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/recordconst.h              xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/syncproto.h                xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xtrapbits.h                xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/composite.h                xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/Xvproto.h                  xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xf86vm.h                   xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/XKB.h                      xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/dmxproto.h                 xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xtrapdi.h                  xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/Printstr.h                 xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/agproto.h                  xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/Xpoll.h                               xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/X.h                                   xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/Xatom.h                               xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/Xdefs.h                               xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/Xproto.h                              xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/ap_keysym.h                           xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/Xmd.h                                 xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/Xw32defs.h                            xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/Xfuncproto.h                          xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/Xfuncs.h                              xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/XWDFile.h                             xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/Xos.h                                 xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/dri/xf86dristr.h                      xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/dri/xf86dri.h                         xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/dri/xf86driproto.h                    xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/Xarch.h                               xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/Xosdefs.h                             xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/xorgproto/LICENSE                       xorgproto
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/xterm                                         xterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/xterm/LICENSE                           xterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xtrans.pc                           xtrans
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/Xtrans/Xtrans.c                       xtrans
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/Xtrans/Xtransutil.c                   xtrans
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/Xtrans/Xtranssock.c                   xtrans
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/Xtrans/Xtransint.h                    xtrans
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/Xtrans/Xtranslcl.c                    xtrans
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/Xtrans/Xtrans.h                       xtrans
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/X11/Xtrans/transport.c                    xtrans
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/xtrans/xtrans.xml                       xtrans
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/xtrans/LICENSE                          xtrans
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/aclocal/xtrans.m4                           xtrans
