data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/angband                                       angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/angband/LICENSE                         angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/list.txt                      angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/old/xtra-xxx.prf              angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/old/graf-xxx.prf              angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/old/flvr-xxx.prf              angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/old/8x8.png                   angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/nomad/8x16.png                angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/nomad/graf-nmd.prf            angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/nomad/xtra-nmd.prf            angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/nomad/flvr-nmd.prf            angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/gervais/flvr-dvg.prf          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/gervais/xtra-dvg.prf          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/gervais/graf-dvg.prf          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/gervais/32x32.png             angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/adam-bolt/16x16.png           angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/adam-bolt/xtra-new.prf        angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/adam-bolt/graf-new.prf        angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/adam-bolt/flvr-new.prf        angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/shockbolt/graf-shb.prf        angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/shockbolt/64x64.png           angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/shockbolt/xtra-shb.prf        angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/shockbolt/flvr-shb.prf        angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/user/info/dummy.txt                 angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/user/info/user.hlp                  angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/help/symbols.txt                    angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/help/commands.txt                   angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/help/index.txt                      angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/screens/news.txt                    angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/screens/dead.txt                    angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/screens/crown.txt                   angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/customize/font-gcu.prf      angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/customize/font-win.prf      angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/customize/pref.prf          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/customize/message.prf       angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/customize/user.prf          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/customize/font-x11.prf      angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/customize/font.prf          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/customize/sound.prf         angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/customize/keys-gcu.prf      angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/customize/font-sdl.prf      angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/trap.txt           angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/flavor.txt         angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/terrain.txt        angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/pain.txt           angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/store.txt          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/curse.txt          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/player_timed.txt   angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/object.txt         angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/names.txt          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/slay.txt           angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/summon.txt         angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/p_race.txt         angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/blow_effects.txt   angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/monster_spell.txt  angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/vault.txt          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/object_property.txt angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/hints.txt          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/shape.txt          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/brand.txt          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/class.txt          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/dungeon_profile.txt angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/body.txt           angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/history.txt        angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/blow_methods.txt   angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/quest.txt          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/ego_item.txt       angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/activation.txt     angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/monster_base.txt   angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/monster.txt        angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/room_template.txt  angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/world.txt          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/object_base.txt    angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/projection.txt     angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/artifact.txt       angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/constants.txt      angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/pit.txt            angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/realm.txt          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/var/games/bastet.scores2                          bastet
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/bastet                                        bastet
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man6/bastet.6.gz                        bastet
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/bastet/LICENSE                          bastet
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/brogue                                        brogue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/brogue/LICENSE                          brogue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/phear                                         cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/cavez-of-phear/LICENSE                  cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/phear/data/tdesc                            cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/phear/data/spgraf                           cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/phear/data/levels/11                        cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/phear/data/levels/09                        cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/phear/data/levels/03                        cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/phear/data/levels/10                        cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/phear/data/levels/06                        cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/phear/data/levels/04                        cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/phear/data/levels/08                        cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/phear/data/levels/02                        cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/phear/data/levels/01                        cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/phear/data/levels/05                        cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/phear/data/levels/07                        cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/phear/data/htext                            cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/phear/data/gover                            cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Alpha_shape_cell_base_3.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Constrained_triangulation_2.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Iterator_project.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_2_projection_traits_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/compare_vertices.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/odt_optimize_mesh_3.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/fwd.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/Chinese_remainder_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/polynomial_gcd.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/sturm_habicht_sequence.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/determinant.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/bezout_matrix.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/modular_gcd_utcf_algorithm_M.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/polynomial_gcd_ntl.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/modular_gcd_utils.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/Algebraic_structure_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/Monomial_representation.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/Polynomial_type.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/modular_filter.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/misc.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/polynomial_gcd_implementations.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/Coercion_traits.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/modular_gcd_utcf_dfai.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/resultant.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/square_free_factorize.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/Degree.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/Cached_extended_euclidean_algorithm.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/Get_arithmetic_kernel.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/Modular_traits.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/Fraction_traits.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/hgdelta_update.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/Interpolator.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/modular_gcd.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/Scalar_factor_traits.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/Real_embeddable_traits.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/subresultants.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial/prs_resultant.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/CreateOpenGLContext.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/DemosMainWindow.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/PolygonWithHolesGraphicsItem.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/keyFrameInterpolator_impl.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/image_interface.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/frame.h                           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/resources.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/mouseGrabber.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/PolygonGraphicsItem.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/Converter.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/debug_impl.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/SegmentDelaunayGraphGraphicsItem.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/Basic_viewer_qt.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/DemosMainWindow_impl.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/qglviewer_impl.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/vec.h                             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/ConstrainedTriangulationGraphicsItem.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/qglviewer.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/DelaunayMeshTriangulationGraphicsItem.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/quaternion_impl.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/GraphicsViewNavigation.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/camera_impl.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/GraphicsViewCircularArcInput.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/frame_impl.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/SegmentsGraphicsItem.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/SegmentDelaunayGraphLinfGraphicsItem.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/camera.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/domUtils.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/PolylinesGraphicsItem.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/GraphicsViewCircleInput.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/RegularGridGraphicsItem.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/GraphicsViewPolylineInput.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/manipulatedCameraFrame_impl.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/GraphicsViewPointInput.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/constraint.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/manipulatedFrame.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/ApolloniusGraphGraphicsItem.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/quaternion.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/RegularTriangulationGraphicsItem.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/PowerdiagramGraphicsItem.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/constraint_impl.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/PointsGraphicsItem.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/utility.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/debug.h                           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/PointsInKdTreeGraphicsItem.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/manipulatedFrame_impl.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/GraphicsViewIsoRectangleInput.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/GraphicsItem.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/viewer_actions.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/mouseGrabber_impl.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/GraphicsViewNavigation_impl.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/CircularArcGraphicsItem.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/PainterOstream.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/utility_impl.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/GraphicsViewLineInput.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/AlphaShapeGraphicsItem.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/GraphicsViewPolygonWithHolesInput.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/CGAL_Qt_config.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/resources/qglviewer-icon.xpm      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/resources/ImageInterface.ui       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/vec_impl.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/manipulatedCameraFrame.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/StreamLinesGraphicsItem.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/resources_impl.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/LineGraphicsItem.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/GraphicsViewPolylineInput_impl.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/keyFrameInterpolator.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/VoronoiGraphicsItem.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/TriangulationGraphicsItem.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/RegularGridVectorFieldGraphicsItem.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/qglviewer_impl_list.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Qt/GraphicsViewInput.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Poisson_mesh_cell_criteria_3.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Stream_lines_2.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/vtkSurfaceMesherContourFilter.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Interval_skip_list.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Delaunay_triangulation_3.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Lazy_kernel.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/representation_tags.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Scale_space_reconstruction_3/Shape_construction_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Scale_space_reconstruction_3/internal/Auto_count.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Scale_space_reconstruction_3/Jet_smoother.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Scale_space_reconstruction_3/Alpha_shape_mesher.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Scale_space_reconstruction_3/Weighted_PCA_smoother.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Scale_space_reconstruction_3/Advancing_front_mesher.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Periodic_2_triangulation_traits_2.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Has_timestamp.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/AABB_polyhedral_oracle.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_polyhedron_2.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Regular_grid_2.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_vertex.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/linear_least_squares_fitting_spheres_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/basic_constructions_2.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/long_long.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Skin_surface_polyhedral_items_with_face_information.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_simplex_3.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_parameterization/LSCM_parameterizer_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_parameterization/orbifold_shortest_path.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_parameterization/Discrete_authalic_parameterizer_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_parameterization/MVC_post_processor_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_parameterization/IO/File_off.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_parameterization/Discrete_conformal_map_parameterizer_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_parameterization/Orbifold_Tutte_parameterizer_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_parameterization/Two_vertices_parameterizer_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_parameterization/Mean_value_coordinates_parameterizer_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_parameterization/internal/kernel_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_parameterization/internal/Containers_filler.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_parameterization/internal/Bool_property_map.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_parameterization/internal/validity.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_parameterization/internal/angles.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_parameterization/internal/orbifold_cone_helper.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_parameterization/Barycentric_mapping_parameterizer_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_parameterization/Fixed_border_parameterizer_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_parameterization/orbifold_enums.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_parameterization/Error_code.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_parameterization/Square_border_parameterizer_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_parameterization/parameterize.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_parameterization/ARAP_parameterizer_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_parameterization/Circular_border_parameterizer_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_directional_non_caching_segment_basic_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Delaunay_triangulation.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_cell_base_with_info_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_vertex_base_with_info_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/random_simplify_point_set.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Aff_transformation_2.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Width_3.h                            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_sphere_annulus_d_traits_d.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/HalfedgeDS_decorator.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Alpha_shape_3.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Combinatorial_map_min_items.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arrangement_on_surface_with_history_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Residue.h                            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Regular_triangulation_cell_base_with_weighted_circumcenter_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/stddef.h                             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_polyhedron_3.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Delaunay_mesh_local_size_criteria_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/envelope_2.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/minkowski_sum_2.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_2.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE_BigRat.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/grid_simplify_point_set.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_rs_gmpq_d_1.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Advancing_front_surface_reconstruction.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Robust_weighted_circumcenter_filtered_traits_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arrangement_zone_2.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_vertex_map.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/HalfedgeDS_halfedge_min_base.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Iso_rectangle_d.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Alpha_shape_vertex_base_2.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_structural_filtering_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/AABB_segment_primitive.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ch_jarvis.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Random_convex_hull_traits_2.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_ds_iterators_2.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_adaptation_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Compact_container.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/partition_2.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cell_attribute_with_point.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/basic_classes.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_checker.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/triangulate_mixed_complex_3.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/convexity_check_2.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Periodic_3_function_wrapper.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Origin.h                             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Snap_rounding_2.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Periodic_3_triangulation_traits_3.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Point_set_3/IO.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh/IO.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh/Surface_mesh_fwd.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh/Properties.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh/Surface_mesh.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/extract_mean_curvature_flow_skeleton.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/version.h                            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circulator_identity.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Construct_storage_site_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Construct_storage_site_with_info_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/in_place_edge_list.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Are_same_points_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Vertex_conflict_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Is_degenerate_edge_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Oriented_side_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Cartesian_converter.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Voronoi_vertex_sqrt_field_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Voronoi_vertex_sqrt_field_new_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Infinite_edge_interior_conflict_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Filtered_traits_concept_check_tags.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Segment_Delaunay_graph_hierarchy_2_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Are_parallel_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Compare_x_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Filtered_traits_base_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Are_same_segments_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Predicates_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Arrangement_type_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Orientation_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Compare_y_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Voronoi_vertex_ring_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Basic_predicates_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Voronoi_vertex_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Constructions_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Oriented_side_of_bisector_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Finite_edge_interior_conflict_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Arrangement_type_non_intersecting_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Sqrt_extension_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Traits_wrapper_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Triangulation_face_base_with_edges_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/basic.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Kernel_wrapper_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Traits_base_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2/Arrangement_enum.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_2/internal_functions_on_circle_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_2/Circular_arc_2.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_2/Intersection_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_2/intersection_line_2_circle_2_map.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_2/function_objects_on_line_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_2/internal_functions_on_circular_arc_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_2/Line_arc_2.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_2/function_objects_polynomial_circular.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_2/internal_functions_on_line_arc_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_2/internal_functions_on_line_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_2/Circular_arc_point_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_2/interface_macros.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_2/function_objects_on_circle_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Compute_cone_boundaries_2.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Tree_traits.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Env_sphere_traits_3.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Hyperbola_2.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Env_triangle_traits_3.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_full_cell.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/to_rational.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_2/insert_constraints.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/backward_compatibility_functions.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/graph_traits_Constrained_triangulation_plus_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/halfedge_graph_traits_Polyhedron_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/parameters_interface.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/graph_traits_Constrained_triangulation_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/graph_traits_Triangulation_data_structure_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/graph_traits_Arrangement_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/graph_traits_HalfedgeDS.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/properties_Seam_mesh.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/graph_traits_HalfedgeDS_default.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/graph_traits_Surface_mesh.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/graph_traits_Polyhedron_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/graph_concepts.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/graph_traits_TriMesh_ArrayKernelT.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/split_graph_into_polylines.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/properties_OpenMesh.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/properties_Polyhedron_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/properties_Surface_mesh_time_stamp.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/graph_traits_PolyMesh_ArrayKernelT.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/properties_Linear_cell_complex_for_combinatorial_map.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/properties.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/graph_traits_Linear_cell_complex_for_combinatorial_map.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/Named_function_parameters.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/METIS/partition_graph.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/METIS/partition_dual_graph.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/properties_TriMesh_ArrayKernelT.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/Dual.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/io.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/graph_traits_Seam_mesh.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/Seam_mesh.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/graph_traits_Constrained_Delaunay_triangulation_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/properties_PolyMesh_ArrayKernelT.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/dijkstra_shortest_paths.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/internal/Has_member_id.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/internal/OM_iterator_from_circulator.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/internal/helpers.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/internal/Has_member_clear.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/Euler_operations.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/named_params_helper.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/properties_Polyhedron_3_time_stamp.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/convert_nef_polyhedron_to_polygon_mesh.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/selection.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/helpers.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/dijkstra_shortest_paths.hpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/graph_traits_Triangulation_hierarchy_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/graph_traits_Regular_triangulation_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/copy_face_graph.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/visitor.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/Face_filtered_graph.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/partition.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/halfedge_graph_traits_HalfedgeDS.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/graph_traits_OpenMesh.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/properties_Polyhedron_3_features.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/property_maps.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/Graph_with_descriptor_with_graph.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/Graph_with_descriptor_with_graph_fwd.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/properties_Surface_mesh.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/iterator.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/properties_Surface_mesh_features.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/graph_traits_Triangulation_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/graph_traits_Dual_Arrangement_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/halfedge_graph_traits.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/graph/graph_traits_Delaunay_triangulation_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/iterator/transform_iterator.hpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/iterator/counting_iterator.hpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/parameter.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/bimap/multiset_of.hpp          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost/bimap.hpp                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/triangulate_power_diagram_3.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/draw_triangulation_2.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Orthogonal_incremental_neighbor_search.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/Curve_pair.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/Surface_sweep_2_debug.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/No_overlap_event.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/Arr_no_intersection_insertion_ss_visitor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/No_overlap_subcurve.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/Arr_construction_event_base.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/Arr_overlay_event.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/Arr_insertion_ss_visitor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/Default_visitor.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/Event_comparer.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/Arr_batched_pl_ss_visitor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/Arr_vert_decomp_ss_visitor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/Default_event_base.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/Do_interior_intersect_visitor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/Curve_comparer.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/Intersection_points_visitor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/Arr_default_overlay_traits_base.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/Arr_construction_event.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/Default_visitor_base.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/Surface_sweep_2_utils.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/Arr_insertion_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/Arr_construction_subcurve.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/Surface_sweep_2_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/Arr_overlay_subcurve.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/Default_event.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/Arr_overlay_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/Arr_overlay_ss_visitor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/No_overlap_event_base.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/Subcurves_visitor.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/Default_subcurve.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/Arr_construction_ss_visitor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/No_intersection_surface_sweep_2_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2/Arr_basic_insertion_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomials_1_3.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_ds_full_cell.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Weighted_alpha_shape_euclidean_traits_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Interpolation_traits_2.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/polygon_mesh_processing.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arrangement_2/Arrangement_on_surface_2_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arrangement_2/Arr_traits_adaptor_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arrangement_2/graph_traits_dual.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arrangement_2/arrangement_type_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arrangement_2/Arr_traits_adaptor_2_dispatching.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arrangement_2/Arr_do_intersect_zone_visitor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arrangement_2/Arrangement_2_iterators.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arrangement_2/Arr_with_history_accessor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arrangement_2/Arr_compute_zone_visitor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arrangement_2/Arrangement_zone_2_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arrangement_2/Arr_default_planar_topology.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arrangement_2/Arrangement_on_surface_2_global.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arrangement_2/Arr_on_surface_with_history_2_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/surface_reconstruction_points_assertions.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/copy_n.h                             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/refine_mesh_3.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/squared_distance_3_0.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Hyperbolic_Delaunay_triangulation_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Point_with_psc_localisation.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Gray_image_mesh_domain_3.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_ds_vertex_base_3.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/graph_traits_Arrangement_2.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/typeset.h                            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/QP_solver/QP_solver_impl.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/QP_solver/QP_solver_nonstandardform_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/QP_solver/QP__filtered_base_impl.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/QP_solver/QP_full_filtered_pricing.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/QP_solver/QP_solution_impl.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/QP_solver/QP_solver.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/QP_solver/QP_exact_bland_pricing.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/QP_solver/Unbounded_direction.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/QP_solver/Initialization.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/QP_solver/QP__filtered_base.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/QP_solver/QP_basis_inverse_impl.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/QP_solver/QP__partial_base.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/QP_solver/functors.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/QP_solver/QP_pricing_strategy.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/QP_solver/QP_functions_impl.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/QP_solver/debug.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/QP_solver/QP_full_exact_pricing.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/QP_solver/basic.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/QP_solver/QP_basis_inverse.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/QP_solver/QP_partial_exact_pricing.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/QP_solver/assertions.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/QP_solver/QP_partial_filtered_pricing.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/QP_solver/QP_solver_bounds_impl.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/rectangular_p_center_2.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/value_type_traits.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/boost_mp.h                           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Chinese_remainder_traits.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cell_attribute_with_id.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Flattening_iterator.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_quadrilateral_traits_2.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Partition_traits_2.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Optimisation/Access_coordinates_begin_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Optimisation/Construct_point_3.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Optimisation/Access_dimension_2.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Optimisation/Construct_point_d.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Optimisation/Access_dimension_d.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Optimisation/Access_coordinates_begin_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Optimisation/Construct_point_2.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Optimisation/debug.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Optimisation/Access_dimension_3.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Optimisation/Access_coordinates_begin_d.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Optimisation/basic.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Optimisation/assertions.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Optimal_transportation_reconstruction_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Arr_lm_middle_edges_generator.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Trapezoidal_decomposition_2_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Arr_walk_along_line_pl_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Td_active_edge.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Td_inactive_vertex.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Arr_batched_point_location_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Arr_lm_grid_generator.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Td_active_vertex.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Td_dag.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Trapezoidal_decomposition_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Arr_triangulation_pl_functions.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Arr_landmarks_pl_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Td_inactive_fictitious_vertex.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Td_active_trapezoid.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Arr_naive_point_location_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Arr_lm_halton_generator.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Arr_lm_random_generator.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Trapezoidal_decomposition_2_iostream.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Arr_lm_vertices_generator.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Td_ninetuple.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Arr_triangulation_pl_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Td_predicates.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Arr_trapezoid_ric_pl_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Td_inactive_trapezoid.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Td_inactive_edge.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Td_active_fictitious_vertex.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Arr_lm_generator_base.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Td_dag_node.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Arr_lm_nearest_neighbor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Arr_simple_point_location_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Trapezoidal_decomposition_2_misc.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Td_X_trapezoid.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Td_traits.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location/Arr_lm_specified_points_generator.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Time_stamper.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/FPU_gcc_i386_sse2.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Gmpzf.h                              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Periodic_4_hyperbolic_triangulation_face_base_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Generic_map_min_items.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/intersection_3_1.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Combinatorial_map_constructors.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/QP_options.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Approximate_min_ellipsoid_d_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Fixed_alpha_shape_3.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Skiplist.h                           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/refine_periodic_3_mesh_3.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/natural_neighbor_coordinates_3.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Complex_2_in_triangulation_3.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersection_traits_2.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/atomic.h                             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Variational_shape_approximation.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/mesh_union_of_balls_3.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/intersection_objects_d.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/Interval_linear_algebra.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/HyperplaneCd_impl.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/VectorHd_impl.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/PointCd_impl.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/Interface_classes.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/PointHd.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/Segment_d.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/Cartesian_const_iterator_d.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/simple_objects.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/function_objectsHd.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/VectorCd.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/Sphere_d.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/Direction_d.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/HyperplaneHd_impl.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/Kernel_classesHd.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/Cartesian_converter_d.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/HyperplaneHd.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/VectorHd.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/Ray_d.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/Tuple_d.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/intersection_objectsHd.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/Aff_transformationHd.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/PointCd.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/interface_macros_d.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/Linear_algebraCd_impl.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/VectorCd_impl.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/DirectionHd.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/Hyperplane_d.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/Aff_transformation_d.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/DirectionCd.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/function_objectsCd.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/debug.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/DirectionCd_impl.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/HyperplaneCd.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/Line_d_impl.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/Pair_d.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/Vector__.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/Iso_box_d.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/DirectionHd_impl.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/Point_d.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/intersection_objectsCd.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/Line_d.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/Matrix__.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/PointHd_impl.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/Vector_d.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/Aff_transformationCd.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/Linear_algebraHd_impl.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/function_objects.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_d/Kernel_classesCd.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Orthogonal_k_neighbor_search.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_traits_generator_3.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Point_set_processing_3/internal/Rich_grid.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Point_set_processing_3/internal/Voronoi_covariance_3/voronoi_covariance_sphere_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Point_set_processing_3/internal/Voronoi_covariance_3/voronoi_covariance_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/intersections_d.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/HalfedgeDS_vertex_max_base_with_id.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/GMap_dart_const_iterators.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polyhedral_complex_mesh_domain_3.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_enums.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Construct_yao_graph_2.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Side_of_oriented_square_2.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nested_iterator.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/leda_bigfloat_interval.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/memory.h                             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Simple_homogeneous.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Sqrt_extension_fwd.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/FPU_gcc_i386.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_Linf_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Partition_is_valid_traits_2.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circulator_project.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/LEDA_basic.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_landmarks_point_location.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial_type_generator.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangular_field_2.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/FPU.h                                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Exact_predicates_exact_constructions_kernel_with_root_of.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Point_3.h                            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Straight_skeleton_builder_2.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/nearest_neighbor_delaunay_2.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Interval_skip_list_interval.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Spatial_sort_traits_adapter_3.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Euler_integrator_2.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Gmpfi.h                              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_hull_projective_xz_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Three/Scene_zoomable_item_interface.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Three/Viewer_interface.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Three/Scene_transparent_interface.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Three/Scene_item.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Three/Scene_item_rendering_helper.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Three/TextRenderer.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Three/Scene_interface.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Three/Triangle_container.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Three/Scene_item_with_properties.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Three/Three.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Three/Scene_group_item.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Three/Buffer_objects.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Three/Edge_container.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Three/Point_container.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Three/Scene_draw_interface.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Three/Scene_print_item_interface.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Three/Scene_item_config.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Three/Primitive_container.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Three/Viewer_config.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Three/exceptions.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Three/Polyhedron_demo_io_plugin_interface.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Three/Polyhedron_demo_plugin_interface.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Three/Polyhedron_demo_plugin_helper.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_converter.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cell_iterators.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Lightweight_vector_3.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Tetrahedron_3.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/version_macros.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_hull_d_to_polyhedron_3.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Small_side_angle_bisector_decomposition_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/predicates_on_lines_2.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Implicit_mesh_domain_3.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Optimisation_d_traits_2.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangle_3.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Envelope_diagram_1.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/in_place_edge_list.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_rat_arc/Algebraic_point_2.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_rat_arc/Rational_function.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_rat_arc/Cache.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_rat_arc/Rational_arc_d_1.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_rat_arc/Rational_function_canonicalized_pair.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_rat_arc/Rational_function_pair.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_rat_arc/Base_rational_arc_ds_1.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_rat_arc/Rational_function_ordered_pair.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_rat_arc/Singleton.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/halfedgeds_connected_components.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Hilbert_sort_2.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Incremental_neighbor_search.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polyhedron_incremental_builder_3.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Runge_kutta_integrator_2.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Ray_2.h                              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial_traits_d.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Delaunay_mesher_2.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Random.h                             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/export/CORE.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/export/Qt.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/export/ImageIO.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/export/helpers.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/export/CGAL.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_segment_traits_2.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Sorted_matrix_search_traits_adaptor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/linear_least_squares_fitting_tetrahedra_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Simple_spherical_kernel_3.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Spatial_sort_traits_adapter_d.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_arc_2.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/global_functions_spherical_kernel_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polytope_distance_d_traits_2.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_hull_projective_yz_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Hilbert_sort_3.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/lloyd_optimize_mesh_3.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_geodesic_arc_on_sphere_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Approximate_min_ellipsoid_d/Approximate_min_ellipsoid_d_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Approximate_min_ellipsoid_d/Approximate_min_ellipsoid_d_debug.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Approximate_min_ellipsoid_d/Khachiyan_approximation_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Approximate_min_ellipsoid_d/Khachiyan_approximation.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Approximate_min_ellipsoid_d/Approximate_min_ellipsoid_d_configure.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circle_3.h                           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Random_impl.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_bounded_planar_topology_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/generic_sweep.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/determinant_of_vectors.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_observer.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_line_face_circulator_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_vertical_decomposition_2.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_data_structure.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Modifier_base.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Hyperbolic_Delaunay_triangulation_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/AABB_tree.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Search_traits_vertex_handle_3.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Weighted_point.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/determinant.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Periodic_4_hyperbolic_triangulation_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/minkowski_sum_3.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_non_caching_segment_basic_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Enum_converter.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/offset_polygon_2.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ch_bykat.h                           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/extended_euclidean_algorithm.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_optimization_return_code.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/mst_orient_normals.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/utils.h                              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/kernel_to_kernel.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Profile_timer.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian_d.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/HalfedgeDS_default.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Poisson_implicit_surface_3.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_linear_traits_2.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/convexity_check_3.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/SEP_to_ImageIO.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Env_plane_traits_3.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Linear_cell_complex_for_combinatorial_map.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Linear_algebraCd.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_dcel_base.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulated_mixed_complex_observer_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_with_holes_2.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_S2/SM_point_locator.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_S2/Sphere_direction.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_S2/SM_triangulator.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_S2/SM_decorator_traits.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_S2/SM_visualizor.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_S2/leda_sphere_map.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_S2/SM_checker.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_S2/SM_overlayer.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_S2/SM_items.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_S2/SM_iteration.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_S2/SM_constrained_triang_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_S2/Sphere_segment.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_S2/SM_decorator.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_S2/OGL_base_object.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_S2/Sphere_circle.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_S2/sphere_predicates.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_S2/Sphere_triangle.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_S2/Sphere_geometry.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_S2/ID_support_handler.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_S2/Sphere_map.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_S2/Sphere_point.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_S2/SM_io_parser.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_S2/Normalizing.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_S2/SM_list.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_S2/Sphere_geometry_OGL.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_S2/SM_const_decorator.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_S2/Generic_handle_map.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Color.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Cluster.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Mesh_neighborhood.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Sum_of_weighted_features_classifier.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/compressed_float.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Feature_set.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Evaluation.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Point_set_neighborhood.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Mesh_feature_generator.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Feature/Height_below.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Feature/Color_channel.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Feature/Eigenvalue.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Feature/Cluster_size.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Feature/Vertical_dispersion.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Feature/Simple_feature.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Feature/Height_above.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Feature/Eigen.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Feature/Hsv.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Feature/Distance_to_plane.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Feature/Vertical_range.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Feature/Elevation.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Feature/Cluster_vertical_extent.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Feature/Verticality.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Feature/Gradient_of_feature.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Feature/Cluster_variance_of_feature.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Feature/Cluster_mean_of_feature.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Feature/Echo_scatter.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/internal/verbosity.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Feature_base.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/TensorFlow/Neural_network_classifier.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/ETHZ/Random_forest_classifier.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/ETHZ/internal/random-forest/node.hpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/ETHZ/internal/random-forest/common-libraries.hpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/ETHZ/internal/random-forest/node-gini.hpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/ETHZ/internal/random-forest/forest.hpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/ETHZ/internal/random-forest/tree.hpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/ETHZ/internal/dataview.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Label.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/classify.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Planimetric_grid.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Point_set_feature_generator.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Image.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/property_maps.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/OpenCV/Random_forest_classifier.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Label_set.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification/Local_eigen_analysis.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_data_structure_using_list_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_ds_circulators_2.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/TDS_full_cell_default_storage_policy.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/transforming_pair_iterator.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/extremal_polygon_2.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/HalfedgeDS_list.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_error_code.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Root_for_spheres_2_3.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_algebraic_segment_traits_2.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Epeck_d.h                            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CGAL_Ipelet_base.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_circle_segment_traits_2.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Spherical_kernel_type_equality_wrapper.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Alpha_shape_vertex_base_3.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/vcm_estimate_normals.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Projection_traits_xz_3.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_sphere_of_points_d_traits_3.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/poisson_surface_reconstruction.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Linear_algebraHd.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/General_polygon_set_on_surface_2.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Generalized_map_iterators_base.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Regular_triangulation.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_tree_k.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Uncertain.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_3.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Twotuple.h                           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_point_location_result.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/bounding_box.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Delaunay_mesh_face_base_2.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/leda_real.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Gmpfr.h                              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_default_criteria_3.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_polynomial.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Lazy.h                               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_triangulation_3.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/functions_on_signs.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/squared_distance_2.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/surface_neighbor_coordinates_3.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circle_type.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/kernel_basic.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Periodic_2_triangulation_iterators_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/connected_components.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/self_intersections.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/distance.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/fair.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/bbox.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/polygon_soup_to_polygon_mesh.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/remesh.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/compute_normal.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/repair.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/triangulate_faces.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/clip.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/random_perturbation.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/extrude.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/triangulate_hole.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/internal/named_function_params.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/internal/Polygon_mesh_slicer/Traversal_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/internal/Polygon_mesh_slicer/Axis_parallel_plane_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/internal/Side_of_triangle_mesh/Ray_3_Triangle_3_traversal_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/internal/Side_of_triangle_mesh/Point_inside_vertical_ray_cast.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/internal/do_no_use_CDT2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/internal/fair_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/internal/Corefinement/Output_builder_for_autorefinement.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/internal/Corefinement/intersection_callbacks.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/internal/Corefinement/intersect_triangle_and_segment_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/internal/Corefinement/Visitor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/internal/Corefinement/Face_graph_output_builder.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/internal/Corefinement/intersection_nodes.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/internal/Corefinement/intersection_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/internal/Corefinement/intersection_of_coplanar_triangles_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/internal/Corefinement/face_graph_utils.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/internal/Corefinement/Intersection_type.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/internal/Corefinement/predicates.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/internal/refine_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/internal/named_params_helper.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/internal/Isotropic_remeshing/remesh_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/internal/Isotropic_remeshing/AABB_filtered_projection_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/internal/mesh_to_point_set_hausdorff_distance.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/internal/repair_extra.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/internal/Hole_filling/experimental/experimental_code.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/internal/Hole_filling/Triangulate_hole_polyline.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/internal/Hole_filling/do_not_use_DT3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/internal/Hole_filling/Triangulate_hole_polygon_mesh.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/internal/AABB_traversal_traits_with_transformation.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/stitch_borders.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/repair_polygon_soup.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/intersection.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/Weights.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/detect_features.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/shape_predicates.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/merge_border_vertices.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/refine.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/border.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/transform.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/measure.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/orient_polygon_soup.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/orientation.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_processing/corefinement.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2_algorithms.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_sphere_of_spheres_d_traits_2.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Eigen_svd.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/leda_coercion_traits.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_hierarchy_vertex_base_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Search_traits_2.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/simplest_rational_in_interval.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_unb_planar_topology_traits_2.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Compute_anchor_3.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Plane_3.h                            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Delaunay_mesh_vertex_base_2.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Exact_predicates_exact_constructions_kernel.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_face_base_with_info_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_adaptation_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/No_intersection_surface_sweep_2.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Gray_level_image_3.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_vertex_base_2.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Spherical_kernel_3.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/halfedgeDS_cut_component.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/SEP_header.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Periodic_3_Delaunay_triangulation_traits_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_decomposition_3/Single_wall_creator3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_decomposition_3/Edge_sorter.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_decomposition_3/YVertical_wall_builder.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_decomposition_3/Reflex_vertex_searcher.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_decomposition_3/SFace_separator.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_decomposition_3/Reflex_edge_searcher.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_decomposition_3/Single_wall_creator.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_decomposition_3/is_reflex_sedge.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_decomposition_3/Insert_vertex_into_edge.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_decomposition_3/Ray_hit_generator.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_decomposition_3/SM_walls.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_decomposition_3/Single_wall_creator2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_decomposition_3/Ray_hit_generator2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_decomposition_3/External_structure_builder.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_triangulation_decomposition_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/squared_distance_3_2.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Line_2.h                             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_cell_base_3.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/draw_linear_cell_complex.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Euclidean_distance_sphere_point.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_tree_d.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/functions_on_enums.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Parabola_segment_2.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_simple_storage_site_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Tools/chained_map.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Skin_surface_marching_tetrahedra_observer_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_overlay.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Random_convex_set_traits_2.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/mpfr_coercion_traits.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kd_tree.h                            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Linear_cell_complex_incremental_builder.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Labeled_mesh_domain_3.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_simple_site_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_ds_cell_base_3.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian_converter.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_simplification/Policies/Edge_collapse/LindstromTurk_params.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_simplification/Policies/Edge_collapse/Count_ratio_stop_predicate.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_simplification/Policies/Edge_collapse/LindstromTurk_cost.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_simplification/Policies/Edge_collapse/LindstromTurk.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_simplification/Policies/Edge_collapse/Bounded_normal_change_placement.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_simplification/Policies/Edge_collapse/Edge_profile_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_simplification/Policies/Edge_collapse/LindstromTurk_placement.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_simplification/Policies/Edge_collapse/Edge_length_stop_predicate.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_simplification/Policies/Edge_collapse/Midpoint_placement.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_simplification/Policies/Edge_collapse/Detail/Lindstrom_Turk_core.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_simplification/Policies/Edge_collapse/Detail/Lindstrom_Turk_core_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_simplification/Policies/Edge_collapse/Constrained_placement.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_simplification/Policies/Edge_collapse/Edge_length_cost.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_simplification/Policies/Edge_collapse/Midpoint_and_length.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_simplification/Policies/Edge_collapse/Edge_profile.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_simplification/Policies/Edge_collapse/Count_stop_predicate.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_simplification/HalfedgeGraph_Polyhedron_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_simplification/edge_collapse.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_simplification/Detail/Common.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_simplification/Detail/Edge_collapse.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_simplification/Detail/Edge_collapse_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_simplification/Edge_collapse_visitor_base.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_counting_traits_2.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_spherical_topology_traits_2.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_3_to_lcc.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_cell_criteria_3.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE_BigInt.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_sphere_of_spheres_d_traits_d.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE_Expr.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Constrained_triangulation_face_base_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_2/Lipschitz_sizing_field_2.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_2/Lloyd_move_2.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_2/Refine_edges.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_2/Sizing_field_2.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_2/Mesh_global_optimizer_2.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_2/Output_stream.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_2/Refine_edges_visitor.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_2/Face_badness.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_2/Clusters.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_2/Mesh_sizing_field.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_2/Refine_faces.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_2/Uniform_sizing_field_2.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_2/Do_not_refine_edges.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_2/Refine_edges_with_clusters.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersection_traits.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Gps_insertion_meta_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Point_with_vertex.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Polygon_2_curve_iterator.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Indexed_event.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Gps_traits_adaptor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Gps_agg_meta_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Gps_agg_op_visitor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Gps_intersection_functor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Gps_traits_decorator.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Gps_bfs_base_visitor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Gps_difference_functor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Gps_on_surface_base_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Gps_simplifier_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Gps_bfs_scanner.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Gps_bfs_intersection_visitor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Gps_polygon_validation.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Gps_sym_diff_functor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Curve_with_halfedge.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Gps_do_intersect_functor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Gps_agg_op.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Gps_merge.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Gps_base_functor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Gps_bfs_xor_visitor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Gps_on_surface_base_2_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Ccb_curve_iterator.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Gps_bfs_join_visitor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Gps_default_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Gps_polygon_simplifier.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Gps_agg_op_surface_sweep_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Bso_internal_functions.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Gps_join_functor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2/Gps_default_dcel.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_filtered_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/number_type_config.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_geom_traits_3.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Robust_circumcenter_filtered_traits_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Constrained_voronoi_diagram_2.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/global_functions_on_root_for_sphere_2_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Handle_hash_function.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_trapezoid_ric_point_location.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/leda_rational.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/MSVC_compiler_config.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Hilbert_sort_middle_base.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/AABB_triangle_primitive.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Approximate_min_ellipsoid_d.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Image_3_vtk_interface.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Buffer_for_vao.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/linear_least_squares_fitting_2.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/predicates_on_points_3.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/rectangular_3_center_2.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_default_dcel.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/linear_least_squares_fitting_points_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/surface_mesh_parameterization.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Combinatorial_map.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/optimize_periodic_3_mesh_3.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Combinatorial_map_save_load.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/AABB_triangulation_3_triangle_primitive.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/result_of.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_constant_domain_field_3.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Straight_skeleton_2/Straight_skeleton_builder_events_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Straight_skeleton_2/Straight_skeleton_builder_traits_2_aux.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Straight_skeleton_2/debug.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Straight_skeleton_2/Polygon_offset_builder_2_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Straight_skeleton_2/test.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Straight_skeleton_2/assertions.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Straight_skeleton_2/Straight_skeleton_builder_2_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Straight_skeleton_2/Straight_skeleton_aux.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/kernel_assertions.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_vertex_base_3.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Union_of_balls_3.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/GMap_dart_iterators.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Implicit_surface_3.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Linear_cell_complex_for_bgl_combinatorial_map_helper.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Periodic_3_regular_triangulation_traits_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Arr_with_history_2_writer.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/File_writer_OFF_impl.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/OFF_reader.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Dxf_writer.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Complex_3_in_triangulation_3_to_vtk.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Polyhedron_scan_OFF.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Triangulation_off_ostream_3.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Color.h                           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/File_poly.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Arr_with_history_text_formatter.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Color_impl.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/output_surface_facets_to_polyhedron.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/write_vtk.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/output_surface_facets_to_triangle_soup.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Polyhedron_VRML_1_ostream.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Nef_polyhedron_iostream_3.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/read_ply_points.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/read_las_points.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Complex_2_in_triangulation_3_to_medit.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/print_OFF.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/io_impl.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/File_scanner_OFF_impl.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Fig_stream.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Geomview_stream_impl.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/print_VRML_2.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/File_avizo.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/io_tags.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Fig_stream_Conic_arc_2.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Ostream_iterator.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/generic_print_polyhedron.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/scan_OFF.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Istream_iterator.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/print_wavefront.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Triangulation_off_ostream_2.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/write_off_points.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/STL_reader.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/PLY_writer.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/facets_in_complex_3_to_triangle_mesh.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Dxf_bsop_reader.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Alpha_shape_3_VRML_2_ostream.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Triangulation_ps_stream.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Arr_text_formatter.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/VRML_2_ostream.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/File_writer_inventor_impl.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Dxf_reader.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/File_writer_wavefront.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Dxf_stream.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/print_VRML_1.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/io.h                              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Polyhedron_iostream.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Dxf_reader_doubles.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Dxf_variant_reader.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Nef_polyhedron_2_PS_stream.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Polyhedron_inventor_ostream.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Complex_2_in_triangulation_3_polyhedron_builder.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/File_medit.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/File_tetgen.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/binary_file_io.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/File_binary_mesh_3.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/print_inventor.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/write_ply_points.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/facets_in_complex_2_to_triangle_mesh.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Polyhedron_builder_from_STL.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Scanner_OFF.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/OBJ_reader.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/read_off_points.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Arr_with_history_2_reader.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/output_to_vtu.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/File_header_extended_OFF_impl.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/File_writer_VRML_2.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Polyhedron_VRML_2_ostream.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Polyhedron_geomview_ostream.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Verbose_ostream.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Arrangement_2_writer.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/VRML_1_ostream.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/write_las_points.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Complex_2_in_triangulation_3_file_writer.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/File_scanner_OFF.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Arr_with_history_iostream.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/File_header_OFF.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/File_writer_wavefront_impl.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Triangulation_geomview_ostream_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/write_xyz_points.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/alpha_shape_geomview_ostream_3.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/File_writer_inventor.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Inventor_ostream.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/File_maya.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/File_writer_OFF.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/generic_copy_OFF.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Geomview_stream.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/read_xyz_points.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/PLY_reader.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/File_writer_VRML_2_impl.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/write_vtu.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/File_header_extended_OFF.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Arrangement_2_reader.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Arr_iostream.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Gps_iostream.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Writer_OFF.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/File_header_OFF_impl.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/reader_helpers.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Tee_for_output_iterator.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Triangulation_geomview_ostream_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Complex_2_in_triangulation_3_to_vtk.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Generic_writer.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/STL_writer.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IO/Triangulation_off_ostream.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Combinatorial_map_operations.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Skin_surface_filtered_traits_3.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_sphere_d.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Dimension.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomials_2_2.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Iterator_range.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel/global_functions_internal_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel/global_functions.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel/Wutils.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel/Type_mapper.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel/Type_equality_wrapper.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel/Conic_misc.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel/solve.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel/global_functions_internal_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel/mpl.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel/Same_uncertainty.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel/interface_macros.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel/Return_base_tag.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel/function_objects.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel/global_functions_3.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel/Dimension_utils.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel/global_functions_2.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Hilbert_sort_middle_d.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Hyperbola_segment_2.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_polynomial_fwd.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_complex_3_in_triangulation_3.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Hilbert_sort_d.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Test/_test_interval_traits.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Test/test_root_of_traits.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Test/_test_algebraic_structure.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Test/_test_coercion_traits.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Test/_test_fraction_traits.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Test/_test_polynomial_traits_d.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Test/_test_real_embeddable.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Test/_test_rational_traits.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Test/_test_bigfloat_interval_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Test/_test_convert_to_bfi.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Constrained_Delaunay_triangulation_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Combination_enumerator.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Search_traits.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Envelope_3/Envelope_pm_dcel.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Envelope_3/set_dividors.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Envelope_3/Envelope_element_visitor_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Envelope_3/Envelope_overlay_2.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Envelope_3/Envelope_diagram_on_surface_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Envelope_3/Env_plane_traits_3_functions.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Envelope_3/Envelope_base.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Envelope_3/Envelope_overlay_functor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Envelope_3/Envelope_divide_and_conquer_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/HalfedgeDS_vertex_base.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/spatial_sort.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_type_equality_wrapper.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_naive_point_location.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/approximated_offset_2.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_sphere_of_spheres_d.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_vertex_index_map.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Root_of_traits.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Construct_theta_graph_2.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Complexity_tags.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/SNC_decorator.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/SNC_constructor.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/SNC_io_parser.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/SNC_sphere_map.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/SM_visualizor.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/SFace.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/SNC_simplify.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/shell_to_nef_3.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/OGL_helper.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/SNC_decorator_traits.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/Mark_bounded_volumes.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/SNC_SM_visualizor.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/SNC_FM_decorator.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/binop_intersection_tests.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/SNC_point_locator.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/Halffacet.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/Halfedge.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/SHalfedge.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/SNC_iteration.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/Default_items.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/SNC_list.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/K3_tree.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/Binary_operation.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/SNC_const_decorator.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/SNC_k3_tree_traits.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/quotient_coordinates_to_homogeneous_point.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/SNC_items.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/Exact_triangulation_euclidean_traits_xz_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/Exact_triangulation_euclidean_traits_yz_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/Pluecker_line_3.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/SNC_external_structure.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/polygon_mesh_to_nef_3.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/Bounding_box_3.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/Infimaximal_box.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/Edge_edge_overlay.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/bounded_side_3.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/Nef_box.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/ID_support_handler.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/SNC_intersection.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/SNC_structure.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/SNC_SM_explorer.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/Volume.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/vertex_cycle_to_nef_3.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/Combine_with_halfspace.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/Exact_triangulation_euclidean_traits_xy_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/Vertex.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/SNC_indexed_items.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/SNC_SM_overlayer.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_3/SHalfloop.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Is_a_predicate.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/HalfedgeDS_halfedge_max_base_with_id.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Combinatorial_map_iterators_base.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Env_default_diagram_1.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Gmpz.h                               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Bbox_2.h                             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Delaunay_triangulation_cell_base_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_ds_face_2.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/In_place_list.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/AABB_primitive.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Poisson_reconstruction_function.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/vector.h                             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/Constructions_ftC2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/Predicate_constructions_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/comparator_profiler.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/Apollonius_graph_hierarchy_2_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/check_filter.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/Is_degenerate_edge_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/Finite_edge_test_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/Orientation_2.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/predicate_profiler.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/Apollonius_graph_2_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/Orientation8_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/Incircle_C2.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/Incircle8_C2.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/Compare_x_2.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/Finite_edge_test8_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/Predicates_C2.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/Compare_y_2.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/Infinite_edge_test_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/Bounded_side_of_ccw_circle_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/Constructions_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/Oriented_side_of_bisector_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/compare_quadratic.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/Traits_wrapper_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/Constructions_rtH2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/Compare_weight_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/basic.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/uncertain/uncertain_functions_on_signs.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/uncertain/Uncertain_is_hidden_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/uncertain/Uncertain_oriented_side_of_bisector_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/uncertain/Uncertain_vertex_conflict_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/Kernel_wrapper_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_2/Is_hidden_C2.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/HalfedgeDS_vertex_min_base.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arrangement_on_surface_2.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mpzf.h                               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/create_straight_skeleton_2.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Shape_detection_3/Sphere.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Shape_detection_3/Shape_detection_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Shape_detection_3/Efficient_RANSAC.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Shape_detection_3/Cylinder.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Shape_detection_3/Torus.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Shape_detection_3/Region_growing.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Shape_detection_3/Octree.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Shape_detection_3/property_maps.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Shape_detection_3/Cone.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Shape_detection_3/Plane.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Shape_detection_3/Shape_base.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Shape_detection_3/Efficient_RANSAC_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/squared_distance_2_1.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Extremal_polygon_traits_2.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/wmult.h                              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Periodic_2_triangulation_2.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Range_tree_k.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_circle_2/Optimisation_circle_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_circle_2/Min_circle_2_impl.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_circle_2/Optimisation_circle_2_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_circle_2/Min_circle_2_adapterC2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_circle_2/Min_circle_2_adapterH2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Iso_cuboid_3.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/pca_estimate_normals.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/assertions_impl.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Periodic_3_offset_3.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polyhedron_min_items_3.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Filtered_predicate_with_state.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_for_circles/internal_functions_on_roots_and_polynomials_2_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_for_circles/internal_functions_on_roots_and_polynomial_1_2_and_2_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_for_circles/internal_functions_comparison_root_for_circles_2_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_for_circles/function_objects_on_roots_and_polynomials_2_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/HalfedgeDS_face_base.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Dart_iterators.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Straight_skeleton_vertex_base_2.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Delaunay_mesh_size_criteria_2.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_sphere_d/Min_sphere_d_impl.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_sphere_d/Optimisation_sphere_d.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Env_tracing_traits_3.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NT_converter.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/array.h                              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE_coercion_traits.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Periodic_4_hyperbolic_Delaunay_triangulation_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/distance_predicates_2.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Alpha_shape_euclidean_traits_2.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/linear_least_squares_fitting_3.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Fourtuple.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Regular_triangulation_adaptation_policies_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_sphere_annulus_d_traits_3.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cell_attribute_with_point_and_id.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/apply_to_range.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cache.h                              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Optimisation_d_traits_3.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Rigid_triangle_mesh_collision_detection.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Periodic_3_triangulation_ds_cell_base_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polyhedron_3_fwd.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_triangulation_generator_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/trace.h                              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Periodic_2_triangulation_face_base_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Spherical_kernel_intersections.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/jet_estimate_normals.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian_matrix.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Regular_triangulation_euclidean_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Conic_2.h                            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous/basic_constructionsH3.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous/RayH3.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous/CircleH2.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous/predicates_on_pointsH2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous/Data_accessorH2.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous/predicates_on_pointsH3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous/VectorH2.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous/basic_constructionsH2.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous/Iso_cuboidH3.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous/DirectionH2.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous/VectorH3.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous/distance_predicatesH3.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous/Iso_rectangleH2.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous/PointH3.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous/Homogeneous_base.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous/PlaneH3.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous/PointH2.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous/LineH2.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous/distance_predicatesH2.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous/ConicHPA2.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous/predicates_on_directionsH2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous/Aff_transformationH2.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous/DirectionH3.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous/Aff_transformationH3.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous/function_objects.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous/SphereH3.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous/Weighted_point_2.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous/Weighted_point_3.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Extreme_points_traits_adapter_3.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Rational_traits.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d_1.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/double.h                             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/AABB_face_graph_triangle_primitive.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/mutex.h                              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/user_classes.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/property_map.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Alpha_shape_face_base_2.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Range_segment_tree_traits.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Extended_cartesian.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_structure_traits.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesher_level_visitors.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_convex_decomposition_2.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/random_convex_hull_in_disc_2.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Constraint_hierarchy_2.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Referenced_argument.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/create_straight_skeleton_from_polygon_with_holes_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/unordered.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/natural_neighbor_coordinates_2.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Has_conversion.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_non_caching_segment_traits_2.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CC_safe_handle.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Sqrt_extension.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Profile_counter.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ch_function_objects_2.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Periodic_3_mesh_3/IO/File_medit.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Periodic_3_mesh_3/Protect_edges_sizing_field.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Periodic_3_mesh_3/config.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Curved_kernel_via_analysis_2/Generic_point_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Curved_kernel_via_analysis_2/Filtered_curved_kernel_via_analysis_2_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Curved_kernel_via_analysis_2/Curved_kernel_via_analysis_2_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Curved_kernel_via_analysis_2/Curved_kernel_via_analysis_2_functors.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Curved_kernel_via_analysis_2/Non_x_monotone_arc_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Curved_kernel_via_analysis_2/Sweep_curves_adapter_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Curved_kernel_via_analysis_2/Make_x_monotone_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Curved_kernel_via_analysis_2/test/simple_models.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Curved_kernel_via_analysis_2/Generic_arc_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Curved_kernel_via_analysis_2/Fig_stream_Curve_renderer_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Curved_kernel_via_analysis_2/gfx/Subdivision_1.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Curved_kernel_via_analysis_2/gfx/Curve_renderer_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Curved_kernel_via_analysis_2/gfx/Curve_renderer_internals.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Curved_kernel_via_analysis_2/gfx/Subdivision_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Curved_kernel_via_analysis_2/gfx/Curve_renderer_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Curved_kernel_via_analysis_2/Curve_interval_arcno_cache.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Curved_kernel_via_analysis_2/Arc_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Curved_kernel_via_analysis_2/Curve_renderer_facade.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Curved_kernel_via_analysis_2/Point_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Iterator_transform.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_traits_fwd.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_rs_gmpz_d_1.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/number_type_basic.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Static_filtered_predicate.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/number_utils_classes.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license.h                            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/MP_Float_impl.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Generalized_map_storages.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Image_3_impl.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangle_accessor_3.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Dart_const_iterators.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/General_polygon_with_holes_2.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_accessor.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Point_with_surface_index_geom_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Complex_2_in_triangulation_vertex_base_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/envelope_3.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_offset_builder_2.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_2_to_lcc.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Handle_with_policy.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Dummy_tds_2.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Unique_hash_map.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/algorithm.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ch_melkman.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/spatial_sort_on_sphere.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Exact_spherical_kernel_3.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Delaunay_triangulation_adaptation_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_circular_line_arc_traits_2.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Minkowski_sum_3/PointMark.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Minkowski_sum_3/Gaussian_map_to_nef_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Minkowski_sum_3/bipartite_nary_union_sorted_combined.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Minkowski_sum_3/Gaussian_map.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Fuzzy_iso_box.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/global_functions_circular_kernel_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_offset_builder_traits_2.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/N_step_adaptor_derived.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Compact_mesh_cell_base_3.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Exact_circular_kernel_2.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/squared_distance_2_2.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Double_map.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Combinatorial_map_basic_operations.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/mpz_class.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/hilbert_sort.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_data_structure_2.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Unfiltered_predicate_adaptor.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Coercion_traits.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Constrained_triangulation_plus_2.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_Linf_2/Vertex_conflict_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_Linf_2/Oriented_side_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_Linf_2/Voronoi_vertex_sqrt_field_new_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_Linf_2/Segment_Delaunay_graph_Linf_hierarchy_2_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_Linf_2/Infinite_edge_interior_conflict_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_Linf_2/Filtered_traits_base_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_Linf_2/Predicates_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_Linf_2/Voronoi_vertex_ring_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_Linf_2/Basic_predicates_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_Linf_2/Voronoi_vertex_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_Linf_2/Constructions_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_Linf_2/Oriented_side_of_bisector_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_Linf_2/Finite_edge_interior_conflict_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_Linf_2/Orientation_Linf_C2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_Linf_2/basic.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_Linf_2/Traits_base_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_Linf_2/Segment_Delaunay_graph_Linf_2_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_Linf_2/Bisector_Linf.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/create_offset_polygons_2.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_traits_2.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ipower.h                             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Gps_circle_segment_traits_2.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/HalfedgeDS_items_decorator.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/sse2.h                               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polytope_distance_d.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/gmpxx.h                              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arithmetic_kernel/Arithmetic_kernel_base.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Has_member.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/kernel_config.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Delaunay_d.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/monotone_matrix_search.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Combinatorial_map_functors.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Fixed_alpha_shape_vertex_base_3.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_sphere_of_points_d_traits_d.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Periodic_4_hyperbolic_triangulation_vertex_base_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/gmpxx_coercion_traits.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/is_streamable.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/make_piecewise_smooth_surface_mesh.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/BOOST_MP_arithmetic_kernel.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/argument_swaps.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polyline_constraint_hierarchy_2.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Width_polyhedron_3.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circle_2.h                           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/convex_hull_3.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/enum.h                               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Combinatorial_map_insertions.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Periodic_2_offset_2.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Lazy_exact_nt.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/AABB_halfedge_graph_segment_primitive.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/convex_hull_3_to_face_graph.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/make_periodic_3_mesh_3.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Gmp_coercion_traits.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Null_matrix.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_complex_2_in_triangulation_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Partition_2/Partition_vertex_map.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Partition_2/Partition_opt_cvx_vertex.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Partition_2/Rotation_tree_2.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Partition_2/Partition_traits_2_base.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Partition_2/Partition_opt_cvx_edge.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Partition_2/partition_approx_convex_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Partition_2/Point_pair_less_xy_2.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Partition_2/Rotation_tree_node_2.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Partition_2/Segment_less_yx_2.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Partition_2/Vertex_visibility_graph_2_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Partition_2/Rotation_tree_2_impl.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Partition_2/partition_optimal_convex_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Partition_2/Indirect_edge_compare.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Partition_2/partition_assertions.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Partition_2/Vertex_visibility_graph_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Partition_2/Indirect_not_less_yx_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Partition_2/Matrix.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Partition_2/Partitioned_polygon_2.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Partition_2/Turn_reverser.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Partition_2/Indirect_less_xy_2.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Partition_2/is_degenerate_polygon_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Partition_2/Triangulation_indirect_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Partition_2/partition_y_monotone_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Partition_2/partition_greene_approx_convex_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Partition_2/Circulator_pair.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Partition_2/Partition_opt_cvx_diagonal_list.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Partition_2/Iterator_list.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Sphere_3.h                           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circulator/Safe_circulator_from_iterator.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circulator/Circulator_adapters.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circulator/Circulator_concepts.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Point_with_surface_index.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Deformation_Eigen_polar_closest_rotation_traits_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_default_data_structure_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/simple_transformations_d.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/subdivide_union_of_balls_mesh_3.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Robust_construction.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Cartesian_LA_base.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/utils.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Cartesian_static_filters.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/functor_properties.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Cartesian_base.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Define_kernel_types.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Kernel_3_interface.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/functor_tags.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Wrapper/Ref_count_obj.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Wrapper/Segment_d.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Wrapper/Sphere_d.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Wrapper/Hyperplane_d.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Wrapper/Point_d.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Wrapper/Vector_d.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Wrapper/Weighted_point_d.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Wrapper/Cartesian_wrap.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/function_objects_cartesian.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Lazy_cartesian.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Cartesian_filter_K.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Dimension_base.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Kernel_2_interface.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Filtered_predicate2.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/static_int.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Cartesian_complete.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Cartesian_LA_functors.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Cartesian_per_dimension.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Kernel_object_converter.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Vector/avx4.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Vector/determinant_of_vectors_small_dim.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Vector/determinant_of_iterator_to_vectors_from_vectors.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Vector/vector.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Vector/array.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Vector/sse2.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Vector/mix.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Vector/v2int.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Vector/determinant_of_iterator_to_points_from_points.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Vector/determinant_of_vectors_small_dim_internal.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Vector/determinant_of_points_from_vectors.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Vector/determinant_of_iterator_to_points_from_iterator_to_vectors.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/KernelD_converter.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Coaffine.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/store_kernel.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Kernel_d_interface.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Types/Sphere.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Types/Line.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Types/Weighted_point.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Types/Segment.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Types/Ray.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Types/Hyperplane.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Types/Aff_transformation.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Types/Iso_box.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Cartesian_filter_NT.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/LA_eigen/LA.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/LA_eigen/constructors.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/NewKernel_d/Cartesian_change_FT.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_adaptation_policies_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_hull_traits_3.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Periodic_3_Delaunay_triangulation_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Trivial_iterator.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Point_traits.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/function.h                           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Epick_d.h                            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_utils_3.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/point_generators_2.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_vertex_base_2.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Umbilics.h                           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Line_arc_3.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/exude_mesh_3.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Modular_arithmetic/Residue_type.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_storage_site_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_deformation.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Hash_handles_with_or_without_timestamps.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Interpolation/internal/helpers.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersection_traits_3.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_storage_site_with_info_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/sibson_gradient_fitting.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/mesh_skin_surface_3.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Eigen_matrix.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_consolidated_curve_data_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/barycenter.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Random_polygon_2_sweep.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_ds_vertex_base_2.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_approximation/L21_metric_plane_proxy.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_approximation/L2_metric_plane_proxy.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_approximation/approximate_triangle_mesh.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cell_const_iterators.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_hull_projective_xy_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Tree_assertions.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Linear_cell_complex_for_generalized_map.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/triangulation_assertions.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/graph_traits_dual_arrangement_on_surface_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kd_tree_rectangle.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/MP_Float.h                           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Iso_rectangle_2.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Hilbert_sort_median_3.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/convex_hull_traits_2.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_polycurve_basic_traits_2.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/HalfedgeDS_vector.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Eigen_vector.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/pierce_rectangles_2.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/distance_predicates_3.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/GMap_cell_const_iterators.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Periodic_3_Delaunay_triangulation_filtered_traits_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Periodic_3_construct_weighted_point_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Lazy_alpha_nt_2.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Periodic_2_triangulation_statically_filtered_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Get_dimension_tag.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Periodic_3_triangulation_filtered_traits_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Generic_random_point_generator.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Periodic_3_construct_point_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Periodic_2_construct_point_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/boost/mutable_queue.hpp     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/boost/array_binary_tree.hpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/boost/mutable_heap.hpp      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/boost/function_property_map.hpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Lazy_alpha_nt_3.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/auxiliary/graph.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Triangulation_2_projection_traits_base_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Periodic_3_regular_triangulation_dummy_288.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Combinatorial_map_sewable.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Combinatorial_map_copy_functors.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Periodic_3_Delaunay_triangulation_remove_traits_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Periodic_3_triangulation_remove_traits_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/AFSR/construct_surface_2.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/AFSR/write_triple_indices.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/AFSR/Surface_vertex_base_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/AFSR/Surface_face_base_2.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/AFSR/construct_polyhedron.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/AFSR/orient.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Static_filters/Periodic_3_side_of_oriented_sphere_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Static_filters/Do_intersect_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Static_filters/Static_filter_error.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Static_filters/Side_of_oriented_circle_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Static_filters/Coplanar_side_of_bounded_circle_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Static_filters/Is_degenerate_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Static_filters/tools.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Static_filters/Coplanar_orientation_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Static_filters/Compare_weighted_squared_radius_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Static_filters/Orientation_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Static_filters/Side_of_oriented_sphere_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Static_filters/Angle_3.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Static_filters/Compare_x_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Static_filters/Periodic_2_side_of_oriented_circle_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Static_filters/Compare_y_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Static_filters/Static_filters.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Static_filters/Compare_squared_radius_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Static_filters/Equal_2.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Static_filters/Periodic_2_orientation_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Static_filters/Orientation_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Static_filters/Periodic_3_power_side_of_oriented_power_sphere_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Static_filters/Equal_3.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Static_filters/Power_side_of_oriented_power_sphere_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Static_filters/Do_intersect_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Static_filters/Periodic_3_orientation_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Static_filters/Collinear_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Static_filters/Compare_y_at_x_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Has_nested_type_Bare_point.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Generalized_map_internal_functors.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Periodic_3_regular_triangulation_statically_filtered_traits_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Periodic_3_Delaunay_triangulation_statically_filtered_traits_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Robust_periodic_weighted_circumcenter_traits_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Combination_enumerator.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/AABB_tree/AABB_drawing_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/AABB_tree/AABB_traversal_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/AABB_tree/Is_ray_intersection_geomtraits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/AABB_tree/Has_nested_type_Shared_data.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/AABB_tree/AABB_search_tree.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/AABB_tree/AABB_node.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/AABB_tree/Primitive_helper.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/AABB_tree/AABB_ray_intersection.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/container_fwd_fixed.hpp     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Surface_mesh_segmentation/Expectation_maximization.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Surface_mesh_segmentation/Filters.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Surface_mesh_segmentation/Alpha_expansion_graph_cut.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Surface_mesh_segmentation/Disk_samplers.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Surface_mesh_segmentation/AABB_traversal_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Surface_mesh_segmentation/Surface_mesh_segmentation.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Surface_mesh_segmentation/SDF_calculation.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Surface_mesh_segmentation/K_means_clustering.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Surface_mesh_segmentation/AABB_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Triangulation/Triangulation_ds_iterators.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Triangulation/Dummy_TDS.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Triangulation/utilities.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Hyperbolic_octagon_translation_word.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/bounded_priority_queue.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/TDS_2/Edge_hash_function.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/TDS_2/edge_list.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Functor_with_offset_points_adaptor_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Static_or_dynamic_array.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Hyperbolic_Delaunay_triangulation_traits_2_functions.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Combinatorial_map_utility_novariadic.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Surface_mesh_deformation/Spokes_and_rims_iterator.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/canonicalize_helper.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Periodic_3_triangulation_dummy_36.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Periodic_2_triangulation_filtered_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Surface_mesh_skeletonization/Debug.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Surface_mesh_skeletonization/Curve_skeleton.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Surface_mesh_skeletonization/Detect_degeneracy.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Periodic_2_Delaunay_triangulation_statically_filtered_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Exact_type_selector.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/enable_third_party_libraries.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Has_boolean_tags.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Mesh_3/get_index.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Mesh_3/indices_management.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Mesh_3/Graph_manipulations.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Mesh_3/helpers.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Mesh_3/Boundary_of_subdomain_of_complex_3_in_triangulation_3_to_off.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Mesh_3/check_weights.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Mesh_3/Handle_IO_for_pair_of_int.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/K_neighbor_search.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Transform_coordinates_traits_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Delaunay_triangulation_hierarchy_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Triangulation_ds_iterators_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Combinatorial_map_group_functors.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Combinatorial_map_utility.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Hyperbolic_octagon_translation_matrix.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Triangulation_ds_circulators_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Projection_traits_3.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Periodic_3_regular_triangulation_remove_traits_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Combinatorial_map_internal_functors.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/disable_deprecation_warnings_and_errors.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Periodic_3_triangulation_iterators_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Functor_with_offset_points_adaptor_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Dehn_hyperbolic_octagon_translation_word.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Periodic_3_regular_triangulation_filtered_traits_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Generalized_map_group_functors.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Generalized_map_sewable.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Classification_type.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Functor_with_offset_weighted_points_adaptor_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Periodic_2_Delaunay_triangulation_filtered_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/deprecation_warning.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Dummy_tds_3.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Triangulation_2_filtered_projection_traits_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Periodic_3_triangulation_statically_filtered_traits_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Periodic_4_hyperbolic_triangulation_dummy_14.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Exact_complex.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/info_check.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Parallel_callback.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/internal/Has_member_visited.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Timer.h                              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Memory_sizer.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_walk_along_line_point_location.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/is_iterator.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/primes.h                             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Filtered_kernel_fwd.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/compute_average_spacing.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Search_traits_3.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Identity_policy_2.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/mpq_class.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/General_polygon_set_2.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous_d.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Periodic_3_triangulation_hierarchy_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Bigfloat_interval_traits.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO_impl.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Delaunay_triangulation_2.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Filtered_kernel.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_adaptation_policies_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_hull_d_traits_3.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_annulus_d.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Handle.h                             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_rational_function_traits_2.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/transforming_iterator.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Approximate_min_ellipsoid_d_traits_d.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Interval_traits.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_traits_2.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/tss.h                                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Scale_space_surface_reconstruction_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Get_arithmetic_kernel.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_shortest_path.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_polyline_traits_2.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/regular_neighbor_coordinates_2.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Gps_segment_traits_2.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_geodesic_arc_on_sphere_partition_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/interpolation_functions.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Facet_criteria_visitor_with_balls.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Concurrent_mesher_config.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Mesh_complex_3_in_triangulation_3_base.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Robust_intersection_kernel.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Refine_cells_3.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Sizing_grid.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/mesh_standard_cell_criteria.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Uniform_sizing_field.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Slivers_exuder_cell_attributes_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/vertex_perturbation.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Dump_c3t3.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/experimental/Lipschitz_sizing_experimental.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/experimental/Get_curve_index.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/experimental/Sizing_field_with_aabb_tree.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/experimental/Lipschitz_sizing_parameters.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/experimental/Get_facet_patch_id.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/experimental/Facet_topological_criterion_with_adjacency.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/experimental/Lipschitz_sizing_polyhedron.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/experimental/Sizing_field_minimum.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/experimental/AABB_filtered_projection_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Detect_polylines_in_polyhedra_fwd.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Polyline_with_context.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/polyhedral_to_labeled_function_wrapper.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Poisson_refine_cells_3.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/mesh_standard_facet_criteria.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/polylines_to_protect.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Image_to_labeled_function_wrapper.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Triangle_accessor_primitive.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Odt_move.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Protect_edges_sizing_field.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/min_dihedral_angle.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Implicit_surface_mesher_visitor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Null_exuder_visitor.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Triangulation_helpers.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/C3T3_helpers.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Profile_counter.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/tet_soup_to_c3t3.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Lloyd_move.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Detect_polylines_in_polyhedra.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Null_global_optimizer_visitor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Profiling_tools.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/search_for_connected_components_in_labeled_image.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Mesh_global_optimizer.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/io_signature.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Slivers_exuder.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/mesh_standard_criteria.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Facet_on_same_surface_criterion.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Null_perturber_visitor.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/dihedral_angle_3.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Worksharing_data_structures.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Mesher_level.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/squared_distance_Point_3_Triangle_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Robust_intersection_traits_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Mesh_surface_cell_base_3.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/config.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Has_features.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/initialize_triangulation_from_labeled_image.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Cell_criteria_visitor_with_balls.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Mesh_sizing_field.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/parameters_defaults.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/utilities.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Refine_facets_manifold_base.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Sliver_perturber.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/radius_ratio.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/sliver_criteria.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Mesher_level_default_implementations.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Refine_facets_3.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Mesher_3.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Refine_tets_visitor.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_3/Triangulation_sizing_field.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/squared_distance_utils.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_curve_data_traits_2.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/linear_least_squares_fitting_circles_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/normal_vector_newell_3.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Line_arc_2.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesher_generator.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Projection_traits_yz_3.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/arrange_offset_polygons_2.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/aff_transformation_tags_impl.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Point_with_normal_3.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_for_spheres/internal_functions_on_roots_and_polynomials_2_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_for_spheres/internal_functions_on_roots_and_polynomials_1_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_for_spheres/function_objects_on_roots_and_polynomials_2_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_for_spheres/internal_functions_on_roots_and_polynomial_1_3_and_2_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_for_spheres/internal_functions_comparison_root_for_spheres_2_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/HalfedgeDS_iterator_adaptor.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polyhedron_items_3.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_Linf_2.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/point_set_processing_assertions.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/polygon_function_objects.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Direction_2.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_vertex_base_3.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/linear_least_squares_fitting_segments_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Deformation_Eigen_closest_rotation_traits_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d_2.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/GMP_arithmetic_kernel.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Timer_impl.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CGAL_Ipelet_base_v6.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/known_bit_size_integers.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/auto_link/CORE.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/auto_link/Qt.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/auto_link/ImageIO.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/auto_link/TAUCS.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/auto_link/auto_link.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/auto_link/LAPACK.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/auto_link/CGAL.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Implicit_to_labeled_subdomains_function_wrapper.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circulator_on_node.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/K_neighbor_search.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Delaunay_triangulation_adaptation_policies_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Hyperbolic_Delaunay_triangulation_CK_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/subdivide_skin_surface_mesh_3.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Minkowski_sum_2/Arr_labeled_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Minkowski_sum_2/Labels.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Minkowski_sum_2/Union_of_segment_cycles_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Minkowski_sum_2/AABB_collision_detector_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Minkowski_sum_2/Decomposition_strategy_adapter.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Minkowski_sum_2/Approx_offset_base_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Minkowski_sum_2/Offset_conv_2.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Minkowski_sum_2/Union_of_curve_cycles_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Minkowski_sum_2/Minkowski_sum_decomp_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Minkowski_sum_2/Polygon_convex_decomposition.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Minkowski_sum_2/AABB_segment_2_primitive.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Minkowski_sum_2/AABB_tree_with_join.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Minkowski_sum_2/Minkowski_sum_conv_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Minkowski_sum_2/Minkowski_sum_by_reduced_convolution_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Minkowski_sum_2/Offset_decomp_2.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Minkowski_sum_2/Hole_filter_2.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Minkowski_sum_2/AABB_node_with_join.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Minkowski_sum_2/Exact_offset_base_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Minkowski_sum_2/AABB_traits_2.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Minkowski_sum_2/Union_of_cycles_2.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Minkowski_sum_2/AABB_traversal_traits_with_join.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/graph_traits_dual_arrangement_2.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Needs_parens_as_product.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Range_tree_d.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Delaunay_triangulation_cell_base_with_circumcenter_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Filtered_kernel_d.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Linear_cell_complex_traits.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/range_search_delaunay_2.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/circulator.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Point_container.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_conformer_2.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/General_polygon_2.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_hull_3/dual/Convex_hull_traits_dual_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_hull_3/dual/Convex_hull_traits_dual_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_hull_3/dual/halfspace_intersection_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_hull_3/dual/halfspace_intersection_with_constructions_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_hull_3/dual/interior_polyhedron_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_hull_3/dual/predicates.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/convex_hull_constructive_traits_2.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/PCA_util_Eigen.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/compiler_config.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Point_set_3.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/predicates/Polygon_offset_pred_ftC2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/predicates/predicates_for_voronoi_intersection_cartesian_2_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/predicates/kernel_ftC3.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/predicates/predicates_for_mixed_complex_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/predicates/Straight_skeleton_pred_ftC2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/predicates/sign_of_determinant.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/predicates/kernel_ftC2.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_sweep_2.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Simple_circular_kernel_2.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/assertions_behaviour.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_nop_decomposition_2.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/HalfedgeDS_face_max_base_with_id.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/subdivision_method_3.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/leda_bigfloat.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Plane_separator.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Number_types/internal_functions_comparison_root_of_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/FPU_msvc.h                           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Filtered_extended_homogeneous.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/FPU_extension.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/lloyd_optimize_mesh_2.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_nary_intersection_3.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Testsuite/vc_debug_hook.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Testsuite/use.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Marching_tetrahedra_traits_skin_surface_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Handle_for.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polytope_distance_d_traits_3.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO.h                            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Subdivision_method_3/subdivision_masks_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Subdivision_method_3/internal/Euler_extensions.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Subdivision_method_3/internal/subdivision_hosts_impl_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Subdivision_method_3/subdivision_hosts_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Subdivision_method_3/subdivision_methods_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_hierarchy_3.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Regular_triangulation_2.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/HalfedgeDS_face_min_base.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Skin_surface_refinement_policy_3.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_utils_2.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cell_attribute.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Concurrent_compact_container.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Modular_traits.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Regular_complex_d.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_euclidean_traits_2.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesher/Intersection_data_structure_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesher/Surface_mesher_manifold.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesher/Profile_timer.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesher/Verbose_flag.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesher/Types_generators.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesher/Standard_criteria.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesher/Point_surface_indices_oracle_visitor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesher/Vertices_on_the_same_psc_element_criterion.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesher/Profile_counter.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesher/Has_edges.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesher/Surface_mesher_edges_level.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesher/Polyhedral_oracle.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesher/Surface_mesher_regular_edges.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesher/Null_oracle_visitor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesher/Surface_mesher.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesher/Sphere_oracle_3.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesher/Combining_oracle.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesher/Implicit_surface_oracle_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesher/Vertices_on_the_same_surface_criterion.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesher/Poisson_implicit_surface_oracle_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesher/Surface_mesher_edges_level_visitor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesher/Surface_mesher_visitor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_default_overlay_traits.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/is_convertible.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_cell_base_3.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/radial_orient_normals.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Delaunay_mesher_no_edge_refinement_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polyhedron_traits_with_normals_3.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_hierarchy_2.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_hierarchy_vertex_base_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/number_utils.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Periodic_2_Delaunay_triangulation_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/polynomial_utils.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Exact_integer.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/edge_aware_upsample_point_set.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Simple_polygon_visibility_2.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_site_2.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/AABB_polyhedron_segment_primitive.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/draw_polyhedron.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/all_furthest_neighbors_2.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Heat_method_3/Surface_mesh_geodesic_distances_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Heat_method_3/internal/V2V.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Heat_method_3/internal/Intrinsic_Delaunay_triangulation_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Origin_impl.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Object.h                             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Marching_tetrahedra_observer_default_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_traits_2.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Robust_circumcenter_traits_3.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Advancing_front_surface_reconstruction_cell_base_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Parabola_2.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Random_access_adaptor.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_conic_traits_2.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Skin_surface_3.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Gps_traits_2.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Filtered_bbox_circular_kernel_2.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/make_mesh_3.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Line_3.h                             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_hull_d.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Hyperbolic_triangulation_face_base_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_vertex_base_3.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/GMap_cell_iterators.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Constrained_Delaunay_triangulation_face_base_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/utility.h                            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_simple_point_location.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/multiset_assertions.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/partition_is_valid_2.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/perturb_mesh_3.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Extended_homogeneous.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_Linf_filtered_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_2.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Snap_rounding_kd_2.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/N_step_adaptor.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Meshes/Filtered_queue_container.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Meshes/Filtered_multimap_container.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Meshes/Simple_queue_container.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Meshes/Simple_set_container.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Meshes/Triangulation_mesher_level_traits_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Meshes/Double_map_container.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Meshes/Simple_map_container.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Meshes/Triangulation_mesher_level_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Meshes/Filtered_deque_container.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Sixtuple.h                           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Regular_triangulation_vertex_base_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_ellipse_2.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/marching_tetrahedra_3.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_mesh_slicer.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_arc_3.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_circular_arc_traits_2.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Alpha_shape_2.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Weighted_alpha_shape_euclidean_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/thread.h                             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/min_quadrilateral_2.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_for_circles_2_2.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/draw_surface_mesh.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomials_2_3.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_hull_2/convexity_check_2_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_hull_2/ch_graham_andrew_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_hull_2/ch_selected_extreme_points_2_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_hull_2/ch_melkman_impl.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_hull_2/ch_assertions.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_hull_2/ch_jarvis_impl.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_hull_2/ch_akl_toussaint_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_hull_2/ch_bykat_impl.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_hull_2/ch_eddy_impl.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangular_expansion_visibility_2.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/predicates_on_points_2.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Skin_surface_traits_3.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesher_level.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Multi_surface_3.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/min_max_n.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangle_2.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_circle_2.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_topology_traits/Arr_bounded_planar_vert_decomp_helper.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_topology_traits/Arr_spherical_topology_traits_2_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_topology_traits/Arr_bounded_planar_topology_traits_2_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_topology_traits/Arr_unb_planar_construction_helper.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_topology_traits/Arr_planar_topology_traits_base_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_topology_traits/Arr_spherical_construction_helper.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_topology_traits/Arr_spherical_vert_decomp_helper.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_topology_traits/Arr_bounded_planar_construction_helper.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_topology_traits/Arr_inc_insertion_zone_visitor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_topology_traits/Arr_spherical_overlay_helper.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_topology_traits/Arr_spherical_batched_pl_helper.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_topology_traits/Arr_unb_planar_insertion_helper.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_topology_traits/Arr_unb_planar_vert_decomp_helper.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_topology_traits/Arr_unb_planar_overlay_helper.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_topology_traits/Arr_unb_planar_batched_pl_helper.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_topology_traits/Arr_bounded_planar_batched_pl_helper.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_topology_traits/Arr_unb_planar_topology_traits_2_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_topology_traits/Arr_bounded_planar_overlay_helper.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_topology_traits/Arr_bounded_planar_insertion_helper.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_topology_traits/Arr_spherical_insertion_helper.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_site_2.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Euclidean_distance.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Union_find.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Simple_cartesian.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Largest_empty_iso_rectangle_2.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Periodic_3_triangulation_ds_vertex_base_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/sweep_observer.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/graph_traits_dual_arrangement_with_history_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/AABB_triangulation_3_cell_primitive.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/AABB_polyhedron_triangle_primitive.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Envelope_2/Env_divide_and_conquer_2_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Envelope_2/Env_divide_and_conquer_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ch_selected_extreme_points_2.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/type_traits.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/structure_point_set.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/GMap_linear_cell_complex_storages.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Lapack_svd.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/polyhedron_cut_plane_3.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Multiscale_sort.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Root_for_circles_2_2.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Box_intersection_d/Box_with_handle_d.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Box_intersection_d/Box_d.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Box_intersection_d/Box_traits_d.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Box_intersection_d/Box_with_info_d.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Box_intersection_d/segment_tree.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Box_intersection_d/box_limits.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Epic_converter.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Filtered_construction.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Hyperbolic_octagon_translation.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Eigen_solver_traits.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kd_tree_node.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/QP_functions.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Delaunay_mesh_criteria_2.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/random_convex_set_2.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polyhedron_traits_3.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_2/Object_index.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_2/PM_explorer.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_2/PM_point_locator.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_2/PM_decorator.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_2/PM_checker.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_2/PM_persistent_PL.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_2/gen_point_location.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_2/Line_to_epoint.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_2/iterator_tools.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_2/Bounding_box_2.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_2/geninfo.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_2/PM_io_parser.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_2/Object_handle.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_2/Polynomial_impl.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_2/debug.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_2/Segment_overlay_traits.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_2/PM_overlayer.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_2/Polynomial.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_2/HDS_items.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_2/Constrained_triang_traits.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_2/PM_const_decorator.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/hierarchy_simplify_point_set.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Linear_cell_complex_base.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/random_polygon_2.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_sphere_annulus_d_traits_2.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Root_of_traits_specializations.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Periodic_2_triangulation_hierarchy_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Hilbert_policy_tags.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Fraction_traits.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Linear_cell_complex.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Quotient_fwd.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/global_functions_on_roots_and_polynomials_2_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomial.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arithmetic_kernel.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/link_to_face_graph.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Periodic_3_mesh_triangulation_3.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/is_y_monotone_2.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Side_of_bounded_square_2.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/intersection_3.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_vertex_base_with_id_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_2.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Generalized_map_operations.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Periodic_2_Delaunay_triangulation_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Linear_cell_complex_constructors.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/test_FPU_rounding_mode_impl.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Linear_cell_complex_bgl_min_items.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/GMPXX_arithmetic_kernel.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Regular_triangulation_filtered_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Regular_triangulation_cell_base_3.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/linear_least_squares_fitting_points_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Straight_skeleton_face_base_2.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_2_traits_3.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/config.h                             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Filtered_bbox_circular_kernel_2/bbox_filtered_predicates.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Filtered_bbox_circular_kernel_2/interface_macros.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_circle_2_traits_2.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Generalized_map_save_load.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/constructions/Straight_skeleton_cons_ftC2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/constructions/kernel_ftC3.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/constructions/constructions_for_voronoi_intersection_cartesian_2_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/constructions/Polygon_offset_cons_ftC2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/constructions/kernel_ftC2.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Hilbert_sort_middle_3.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/gmp.h                                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/box_intersection_d.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_arc_point_3.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Barycentric_coordinates_2.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomials_1_2.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Labeled_image_mesh_domain_3.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/QP_solution.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/linear_least_squares_fitting_segments_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_sphere_of_spheres_d/Min_sphere_of_spheres_d_support_set.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_sphere_of_spheres_d/Min_sphere_of_spheres_d_support_set_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_sphere_of_spheres_d/Min_sphere_of_spheres_d_configure.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_sphere_of_spheres_d/Min_sphere_of_spheres_d_pivot_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_sphere_of_spheres_d/Min_sphere_of_spheres_d_pair.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_sphere_of_spheres_d/Min_sphere_of_spheres_d_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Generalized_map.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polyhedron_3.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_2/Polygon_2_simplicity.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_2/Polygon_2_edge_circulator.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_2/Polygon_2_algorithms_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_2/polygon_assertions.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_2/Polygon_2_vertex_circulator.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_2/Polygon_2_impl.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_2/Polygon_2_edge_iterator.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/functional.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Exact_rational.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/hash_openmesh.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Vector_3.h                           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Exponent_vector.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/point_generators_d.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/point_generators_3.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_ds_vertex.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Ridges.h                             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Level_interval.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_shortest_path/internal/misc_functions.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_shortest_path/internal/Cone_expansion_event.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_shortest_path/internal/Cone_tree.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_shortest_path/Surface_mesh_shortest_path.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_shortest_path/barycentric.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_shortest_path/function_objects.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_shortest_path/Surface_mesh_shortest_path_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/squared_distance_3_1.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Linear_cell_complex_operations.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_edge_criteria_3.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/IEEE_754_unions.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Spatial_lock_grid_3.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Threetuple.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Env_surface_data_traits_3.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/intersections.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/OTR_2/Reconstruction_face_base_2.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/OTR_2/Reconstruction_vertex_base_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/OTR_2/Cost.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/OTR_2/Sample.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/OTR_2/Reconstruction_edge_2.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/OTR_2/Reconstruction_triangulation_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Join_input_iterator.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Periodic_2_triangulation_vertex_base_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/gnuplot_output_2.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/disable_warnings.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_default_triangulation_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/hilbert_sort_on_sphere.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_intersection_2_traits_3.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/estimate_scale.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_hierarchy_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Diagonalize_traits.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Spatial_sort_traits_adapter_2.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/squared_distance_3.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_2.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/Real_embeddable_extension.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/refine_zero_against.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/Bitstream_descartes_E08_tree.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/Bitstream_coefficient_kernel.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/Algebraic_real_d_1.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/Bitstream_descartes_rndl_tree_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/shear.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/bound_between_1.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/Event_line_builder.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/Float_traits.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/univariate_polynomial_utils.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/Bitstream_descartes.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/macros.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/LRU_hashed_map.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/Shear_transformation.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/Descartes.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/Interval_evaluate_1.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/Curve_analysis_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/Bitstream_descartes_rndl_tree.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/Interval_evaluate_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/Algebraic_curve_kernel_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/Real_roots.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/Bitstream_coefficient_kernel_at_alpha.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/algebraic_curve_kernel_2_tools.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/Status_line_CPA_1.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/Algebraic_real_quadratic_refinement_rep_bfi.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/Algebraic_real_rep_bfi.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/construct_binary.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/Status_line_CA_1.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/Curve_pair_analysis_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/Algebraic_real_rep.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/flags.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/Xy_coordinate_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/enums.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/Shear_controller.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_d/exceptions.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Barycentric_coordinates_2/Triangle_coordinates_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Barycentric_coordinates_2/Wachspress_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Barycentric_coordinates_2/Discrete_harmonic_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Barycentric_coordinates_2/Generalized_barycentric_coordinates_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Barycentric_coordinates_2/barycentric_enum_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Barycentric_coordinates_2/Mean_value_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Barycentric_coordinates_2/Segment_coordinates_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/vcm_estimate_edges.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Periodic_2_triangulation_dummy_12.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Filter_circulator.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Interval_arithmetic.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Exact_predicates_exact_constructions_kernel_with_sqrt.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_arc_point_2.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Ray_3.h                              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Default_diagonalize_traits.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Advancing_front_surface_reconstruction_vertex_base_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_data_structure_2.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/grabbers.h                           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/remove_outliers.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/AABB_traits.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Straight_skeleton_halfedge_base_2.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_vertical_decomposition_2.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Skin_surface_quadratic_surface_3.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Modifiable_priority_queue.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Eigen_diagonalize_traits.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Set_movable_separability_2/internal/Circle_arrangment.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Set_movable_separability_2/internal/Utils.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Set_movable_separability_2/Single_mold_translational_casting/top_edges.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Set_movable_separability_2/Single_mold_translational_casting/is_pullout_direction.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Set_movable_separability_2/Single_mold_translational_casting/pullout_directions.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/create_offset_polygons_from_polygon_with_holes_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Straight_skeleton_builder_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_ds_face_base_2.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/graph_traits_dual_arrangement_on_surface_with_history_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Side_of_triangle_mesh.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polyhedral_mesh_domain_3.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/point_constructions_3.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/basic_constructions_2.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Aff_transformation_2.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Translation_rep_2.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Point_3.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Tetrahedron_3.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Triangle_3.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Ray_2.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Circle_3.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/ConicCPA2.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/MatrixC33.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Plane_3.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Line_2.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/predicates_on_points_3.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Cartesian_base.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Iso_cuboid_3.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Circle_2.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Sphere_3.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/ft_constructions_2.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Iso_rectangle_2.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Direction_2.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Aff_transformation_rep_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Scaling_rep_2.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/line_constructions_2.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/predicates_on_directions_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Line_3.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Segment_2.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/predicates_on_points_2.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Triangle_2.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Vector_3.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Aff_transformation_rep_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/solve_3.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Ray_3.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Data_accessor_2.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/point_constructions_2.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Direction_3.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Scaling_rep_3.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/ft_constructions_3.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Aff_transformation_3.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Segment_3.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Translation_rep_3.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/basic_constructions_3.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Rotation_rep_2.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/function_objects.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/plane_constructions_3.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Weighted_point_2.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Point_2.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/predicates_on_planes_3.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Weighted_point_3.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian/Vector_2.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_ellipse_2/Min_ellipse_2_adapterH2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_ellipse_2/Optimisation_ellipse_2_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_ellipse_2/Min_ellipse_2_impl.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_ellipse_2/Optimisation_ellipse_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_ellipse_2/Min_ellipse_2_adapterC2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/remove_far_points_in_mesh_3.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/intersection_2.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/random_selection.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polyhedron_3_to_lcc.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/generators.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/glu.h                                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_for_spheres_2_3.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/RS/functors_1.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/RS/rs3_k_refiner_1.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/RS/exact_signat_1.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/RS/rs23_k_isolator_1.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/RS/comparator_1.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/RS/signat_1.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/RS/rs3_refiner_1.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/RS/Gmpfr_make_unique.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/RS/algebraic_z_1.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/RS/bisection_refiner_1.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/RS/rs2_calls.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/RS/functors_z_1.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/RS/ak_z_1.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/RS/algebraic_1.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/RS/polynomial_converter_1.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/RS/ak_1.h                            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/RS/dyadic.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/RS/rs2_isolator_1.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/rational_rotation.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Dynamic_matrix.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Rotational_sweep_visibility_2.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Optimisation_d_traits_d.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Quotient.h                           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_face.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Dart.h                               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Interval_nt.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cone_spanners_2/Plane_scan_tree.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cone_spanners_2/Less_by_direction_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cone_spanners_2/Plane_scan_tree_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/TDS_full_cell_mirror_storage_policy.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/sorted_matrix_search.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/OFF_to_nef_3.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polytope_distance_d_traits_d.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Handle_for_virtual.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Approximate_min_ellipsoid_d_traits_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Apollonius_graph_hierarchy_vertex_base_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Hilbert_sort_middle_2.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/Line_2_Line_2.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/Ray_2_Triangle_2.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/Point_2_Point_2.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/Iso_rectangle_2_Point_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/Line_2_Ray_2.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/Line_2_Segment_2.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/Circle_2_Line_2.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/Circle_2_Point_2.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/Segment_2_Segment_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/Circle_2_Circle_2.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/Ray_2_Ray_2.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/Iso_rectangle_2_Line_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/internal/Straight_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/internal/Triangle_2_Triangle_2_intersection_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/internal/Triangle_2_Triangle_2_do_intersect_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/Point_2_Ray_2.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/Segment_2_Triangle_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/Triangle_2_Triangle_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/Bbox_2_Point_2.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/Point_2_Triangle_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/Bbox_2_Line_2.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/Iso_rectangle_2_Ray_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/Iso_rectangle_2_Triangle_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/Line_2_Triangle_2.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/Bbox_2_Ray_2.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/Ray_2_Segment_2.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/Iso_rectangle_2_Iso_rectangle_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/Bbox_2_Circle_2.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/Line_2_Point_2.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/Iso_rectangle_2_Segment_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/Circle_2_Iso_rectangle_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_2/Point_2_Segment_2.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Distance_2.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arrangement_with_history_2.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Search_traits_d.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_extension_traits.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_filtered_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Regular_triangulation_vertex_base_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Filtered_predicate.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Direction_3.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cone_spanners_enum_2.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Fixed_alpha_shape_cell_base_3.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CMap_linear_cell_complex_storages.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Complex_2_in_triangulation_cell_base_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/make_union_of_balls_3.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Straight_skeleton_items_2.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Random_polygon_traits_2.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Exact_predicates_inexact_constructions_kernel.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Rectangular_p_center_traits_2.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/MP_Float_arithmetic_kernel.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/circulator_bases.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/periodic_3_triangulation_3_io.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/mesh_segmentation.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Width_default_traits_3.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/constructions_d.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/QP_models.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/HalfedgeDS_const_decorator.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/streamlines_assertions.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Random_access_value_adaptor.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Periodic_4_hyperbolic_Delaunay_triangulation_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/int.h                                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/long_double.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_incremental_builder_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Skin_surface_polyhedral_items_3.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Skin_surface_base_3.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Tree_base.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Filtered_kernel/Cartesian_coordinate_iterator_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Filtered_kernel/Cartesian_coordinate_iterator_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polynomials_for_line_3.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_face_map.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Weighted_Minkowski_distance.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/segment_intersection_points_2.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Sqrt_extension/Sqrt_extension_type.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Sqrt_extension/Chinese_remainder_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Sqrt_extension/Algebraic_structure_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Sqrt_extension/Coercion_traits.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Sqrt_extension/io.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Sqrt_extension/Get_arithmetic_kernel.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Sqrt_extension/Modular_traits.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Sqrt_extension/Wang_traits.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Sqrt_extension/Fraction_traits.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Sqrt_extension/Eigen_NumTraits.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Sqrt_extension/Algebraic_extension_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Sqrt_extension/Scalar_factor_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Sqrt_extension/Real_embeddable_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Sqrt_extension/convert_to_bfi.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Interpolation_gradient_fitting_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_polyhedron_S2.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/linear_least_squares_fitting_rectangles_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/constant.h                           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/more_functions_on_signs.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Bbox_3.h                             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_iterator_adaptator.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/connect_holes.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_ds_vertex_2.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_nary_union_3.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Regular_triangulation_face_base_2.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_data_structure_3.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Minimum_enclosing_quadrilateral_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_set_2.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/convex_hull_2.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Aff_transformation_3.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/basic.h                              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/PolyhedralSurf_neighbors.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/compute_outer_frame_margin.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ch_graham_andrew.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_3.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_hierarchy_vertex_base_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Image_3.h                            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_cell_base_3.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/utils_classes.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/GMP/Gmpz_type.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/GMP/Gmpfi_type_static.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/GMP/Gmpfr_type.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/GMP/Gmpfi_type.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/GMP/Gmpfr_type_static.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/GMP/Gmpzf_type.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/GMP/Gmpq_type.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/make_skin_surface_mesh_3.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CGAL_Ipelet_base_v7.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Linear_cell_complex_min_items.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_sphere_of_spheres_d_traits_3.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/minimum_enclosing_quadrilateral_2.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/HalfedgeDS_halfedge_base.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/jet_smooth_point_set.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Regular_triangulation_euclidean_traits_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/convex_decomposition_3.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polychain_2.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Manhattan_distance_iso_box_point.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/CoreIO_impl.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/BigRat.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/Gmp_impl.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/CoreDefs_impl.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/Gmp.h                           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/CORE.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/BigFloatRep.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/CoreDefs.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/Promote.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/CoreAux.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/Config.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/ExprRep.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/extLong.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/RefCount.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/linearAlgebra.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/Real_impl.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/Expr.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/Timer.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/BigInt.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/RealRep.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/Filter.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/Real.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/BigFloat_impl.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/CoreAux_impl.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/Impl.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/MemoryPool.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/extLong_impl.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/poly/Curves.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/poly/Sturm.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/poly/Curves.tcc                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/poly/Poly.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/poly/Poly.tcc                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/BigFloat.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE/Expr_impl.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Visibility_2/visibility_utils.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE_BigFloat.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Regular_triangulation_adaptation_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/use.h                                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/HalfedgeDS_items_2.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/width_assertions.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Alpha_shape_euclidean_traits_3.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/leda_integer.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_intersections.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_polycurve_traits_2.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Exact_predicates_exact_constructions_kernel_with_kth_root.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/HalfedgeDS_min_items.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_tracing_traits_2.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/tuple.h                              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Stream_lines_2.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Interval_skip_list.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Circular_kernel_2.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Advancing_front_surface_reconstruction.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Surface_mesh_parameterization.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Box_intersection_d.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Alpha_shapes_3.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Snap_rounding_2.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Principal_component_analysis.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Envelope_2.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Voronoi_diagram_2.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Optimal_transportation_reconstruction_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Heat_method_3.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Bounding_volumes.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Ridges_3.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Partition_2.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/AABB_tree.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Periodic_4_hyperbolic_triangulation_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Polyline_simplification_2.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Apollonius_graph_2.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Convex_decomposition_3.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Point_set_shape_detection_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Poisson_surface_reconstruction_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Surface_mesh_simplification.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Surface_mesh_skeletonization.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Triangulation_3.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Three.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Polygon_mesh_processing/connected_components.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Polygon_mesh_processing/distance.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Polygon_mesh_processing/meshing_hole_filling.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Polygon_mesh_processing/Compute_normal.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Polygon_mesh_processing/repair.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Polygon_mesh_processing/miscellaneous.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Polygon_mesh_processing/detect_features.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Polygon_mesh_processing/predicate.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Polygon_mesh_processing/collision_detection.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Polygon_mesh_processing/measure.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Polygon_mesh_processing/orientation.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Polygon_mesh_processing/corefinement.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Polygon_mesh_processing/core.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/lgpl.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/QP_solver.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/SearchStructures.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Scale_space_reconstruction_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Nef_2.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Arrangement_on_surface_2.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Periodic_2_triangulation_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Minkowski_sum_2.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Periodic_3_mesh_3.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Jet_fitting_3.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Nef_3.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/gpl_package_list.txt         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Matrix_search.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Polytope_distance_d.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Hyperbolic_triangulation_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Surface_mesh_approximation.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Surface_mesh_deformation.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Cone_spanners_2.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Point_set_processing_3.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Nef_S2.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/gpl.h.in                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Envelope_3.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Surface_mesh_shortest_path.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Inscribed_areas.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Segment_Delaunay_graph_Linf_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Surface_mesh_segmentation.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Point_set_3.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Surface_sweep_2.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Skin_surface_3.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Surface_mesher.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Convex_hull_d.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/README.md                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Visibility_2.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Interpolation.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Convex_hull_3.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Barycentric_coordinates_2.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Surface_mesh.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Mesh_2.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Triangulation_2.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Minkowski_sum_3.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Polyhedron.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Alpha_shapes_2.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/TDS_2.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Circular_kernel_3.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Segment_Delaunay_graph_2.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Polygon_mesh_processing.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Periodic_3_triangulation_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/TDS_3.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Triangulation.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Mesh_3.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/generate_files.cmake         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Point_set_2.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/GraphicsView.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Classification.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Boolean_set_operations_2.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Convex_hull_2.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Spatial_searching.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Straight_skeleton_2.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/license/Set_movable_separability_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ch_eddy.h                            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE_arithmetic_kernel.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Counted_number.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Is_extended_kernel.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Transform_iterator.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Periodic_3_triangulation_3.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_traits.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Number_type_checker.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_2_filtered_projection_traits_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polyline_simplification_2/Stop_below_count_ratio_threshold.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polyline_simplification_2/Vertex_base_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polyline_simplification_2/Squared_distance_cost.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polyline_simplification_2/simplify.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polyline_simplification_2/Scaled_squared_distance_cost.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polyline_simplification_2/Hybrid_squared_distance_cost.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polyline_simplification_2/Stop_below_count_threshold.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polyline_simplification_2/Stop_above_cost_threshold.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Reconstruction_triangulation_3.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_tags.h                           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Concatenate_iterator.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Periodic_3_regular_triangulation_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Nef_polyhedron_3.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ch_akl_toussaint.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/iterator.h                           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/centroid.h                           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Scalar_factor_traits.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polyhedral_mesh_domain_with_features_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/basic_constructions_3.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/CORE_algebraic_number_traits.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Projection_traits_xy_3.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_storage_traits_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Identity_rejectors.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Construct_dual_points.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Unbounded_faces.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Cached_degeneracy_testers.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Adaptation_traits_functors.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Segment_Delaunay_graph_nearest_site_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Degeneracy_tester_binders.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Accessor.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Default_site_inserters.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Edge_less.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Halfedge.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Face.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Unbounded_edges.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Default_site_removers.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Site_accessors.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Delaunay_triangulation_nearest_site_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Iterator_adaptors.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Policy_base.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Regular_triangulation_nearest_site_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Finder_classes.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Adaptation_traits_base_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Validity_testers.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Regular_triangulation_degeneracy_testers.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Segment_Delaunay_graph_degeneracy_testers.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/basic.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Delaunay_triangulation_degeneracy_testers.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Dummy_iterator.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Connected_components.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Apollonius_graph_degeneracy_testers.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Handle_adaptor.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Circulator_adaptors.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Vertex.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Voronoi_diagram_2/Apollonius_graph_nearest_site_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Location_policy.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/assertions.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/function_objects.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/certified_numeric_predicates.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Dynamic_property_map.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/draw_triangulation_3.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/surface_neighbors_3.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_storage_traits_with_info_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Counting_iterator.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Bbox_3_Tetrahedron_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Line_3_Sphere_3.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Bbox_3_Iso_cuboid_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Triangle_3_Triangle_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Plane_3_Triangle_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Ray_3_Ray_3.h        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Iso_cuboid_3_Tetrahedron_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Line_3_Line_3.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Plane_3_Ray_3.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Iso_cuboid_3_Triangle_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Bbox_3_Sphere_3.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Point_3_Ray_3.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Plane_3_Sphere_3.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Point_3_Segment_3.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Iso_cuboid_3_Line_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Plane_3_Segment_3.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Bbox_3_Line_3.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Sphere_3_Triangle_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Ray_3_Sphere_3.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Tetrahedron_3_Triangle_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Point_3_Tetrahedron_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Line_3_Segment_3.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Ray_3_Tetrahedron_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Line_3_Ray_3.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Bbox_3_Plane_3.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Iso_cuboid_3_Ray_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Iso_cuboid_3_Plane_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Iso_cuboid_3_Iso_cuboid_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Line_3_Triangle_3.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Bbox_3_Ray_3.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Plane_3_Point_3.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Bbox_3_Segment_3.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/internal/Bbox_3_Segment_3_do_intersect.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/internal/Bbox_3_Iso_cuboid_3_do_intersect.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/internal/Tetrahedron_3_Bounded_3_do_intersect.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/internal/Tetrahedron_3_Unbounded_3_do_intersect.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/internal/Triangle_3_Segment_3_do_intersect.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/internal/Triangle_3_Plane_3_do_intersect.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/internal/Triangle_3_Triangle_3_do_intersect.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/internal/Bbox_3_Bbox_3_do_intersect.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/internal/Bbox_3_Triangle_3_do_intersect.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/internal/bbox_intersection_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/internal/intersection_3_1_impl.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/internal/Triangle_3_Sphere_3_do_intersect.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/internal/Bbox_3_Plane_3_do_intersect.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/internal/Bbox_3_Sphere_3_do_intersect.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/internal/Triangle_3_Line_3_do_intersect.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/internal/Iso_cuboid_3_Triangle_3_do_intersect.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/internal/Bbox_3_Ray_3_do_intersect.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/internal/Iso_cuboid_3_Ray_3_do_intersect.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/internal/Triangle_3_Ray_3_do_intersect.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/internal/Iso_cuboid_3_Sphere_3_do_intersect.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/internal/Bbox_3_Line_3_do_intersect.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/internal/Triangle_3_Segment_3_intersection.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/internal/Triangle_3_Line_3_intersection.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/internal/Triangle_3_Ray_3_intersection.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/internal/Iso_cuboid_3_Segment_3_do_intersect.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/internal/Triangle_3_Triangle_3_intersection.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Tetrahedron_3_Tetrahedron_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Iso_cuboid_3_Segment_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Iso_cuboid_3_Point_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Line_3_Point_3.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Bbox_3_Triangle_3.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Segment_3_Triangle_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Line_3_Plane_3.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Plane_3_Plane_3.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Point_3_Point_3.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Point_3_Sphere_3.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Segment_3_Segment_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Bbox_3_Bbox_3.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Ray_3_Triangle_3.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Segment_3_Tetrahedron_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Ray_3_Segment_3.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Bbox_3_Point_3.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Point_3_Triangle_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Line_3_Tetrahedron_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Segment_3_Sphere_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Sphere_3_Tetrahedron_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Plane_3_Tetrahedron_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Iso_cuboid_3_Sphere_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Intersections_3/Sphere_3_Sphere_3.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Real_embeddable_traits.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_criteria_3.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_vertex_base_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/poisson_refine_triangulation.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Hilbert_sort_base.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_Linf_hierarchy_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/linear_least_squares_fitting_triangles_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mean_curvature_flow_skeletonization.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesher_level_default_implementations.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Combinatorial_map_storages.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Bounded_kernel.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Vertex2Data_Property_Map_with_std_map.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_facet_topology.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Inverse_index.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/PCA_util.h                           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Regular_triangulation_traits_adapter.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_overlay_2.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Segment_Delaunay_graph_face_base_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Regular_triangulation_3.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Index_property_map.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/enable_warnings.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/linear_least_squares_fitting_triangles_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_spherical_gaussian_map_3/Arr_polyhedral_sgm_arr_dcel.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_spherical_gaussian_map_3/Arr_polyhedral_sgm_initializer_visitor.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_spherical_gaussian_map_3/Arr_transform_on_sphere.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_spherical_gaussian_map_3/Arr_spherical_gaussian_map_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_spherical_gaussian_map_3/Arr_polyhedral_sgm.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_spherical_gaussian_map_3/Arr_polyhedral_sgm_transformation.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_spherical_gaussian_map_3/Arr_polyhedral_sgm_overlay.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_spherical_gaussian_map_3/Arr_polyhedral_sgm_polyhedron_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_spherical_gaussian_map_3/Arr_polyhedral_sgm_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_spherical_gaussian_map_3/Arr_on_sphere_transformation.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/mpfi_coercion_traits.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_face_base_2.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Snap_rounding_traits_2.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/read_vtk_image_data.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/gl.h                                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/iterator_from_indices.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/aff_transformation_tags.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Point_set_2.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Interval_arithmetic_impl.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Real_timer_impl.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/exceptions.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_triangulation_point_location.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_ellipse_2_traits_2.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Implicit_to_labeling_function_wrapper.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/LEDA_arithmetic_kernel.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Hilbert_sort_median_2.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polyhedron_copy_3.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_vertex_base_with_info_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Hidden_point_memory_policy.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Exact_kernel_selector.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Fuzzy_sphere.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Monge_via_jet_fitting.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Straight_skeleton_converter_2.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Triangulation_hierarchy_2.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Algebraic_kernel_converter.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/linear_least_squares_fitting_cuboids_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Classification.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Compare_handles_with_or_without_timestamps.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Search_traits_adapter.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_extended_dcel.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/tags.h                               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Sweep_line_2_algorithms.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/demangle.h                           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/predicates_d.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Splitters.h                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Convex_hull_face_base_2.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_geometry_traits/Bezier_x_monotone_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_geometry_traits/One_root_number.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_geometry_traits/Rational_arc_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_geometry_traits/Segment_assertions.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_geometry_traits/IO/Polycurve_2_iostream.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_geometry_traits/Consolidated_curve_data_aux.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_geometry_traits/Conic_point_2.h  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_geometry_traits/Polyline_2.h     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_geometry_traits/Bezier_bounding_rational_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_geometry_traits/Arr_plane_3.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_geometry_traits/Circle_segment_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_geometry_traits/Conic_arc_2.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_geometry_traits/de_Casteljau_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_geometry_traits/Polycurve_2.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_geometry_traits/Bezier_cache.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_geometry_traits/Bezier_point_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_geometry_traits/Conic_intersections_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_geometry_traits/Conic_x_monotone_arc_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_geometry_traits/Curve_data_aux.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_geometry_traits/Bezier_curve_2.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polyhedron_items_with_id_3.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Multiset.h                           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/bilateral_smooth_point_set.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Default.h                            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Weighted_point_2.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Surface_mesh_default_edges_criteria_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Hyperbola_ray_2.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Real_timer.h                         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_facet_criteria_3.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_3/internal_functions_on_plane_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_3/internal_function_compare_spherical_kernel.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_3/Intersection_traits.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_3/internal_function_has_on_spherical_kernel.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_3/internal_function_compare_to_right_spherical_kernel.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_3/Line_arc_3.h       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_3/internal_functions_on_sphere_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_3/function_objects_polynomial_sphere.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_3/Circular_arc_3.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_3/get_equation_object_on_curved_kernel_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_3/Circular_arc_point_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_3/internal_functions_on_circular_arc_point_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_3/internal_functions_on_circle_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_3/interface_macros.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_3/internal_functions_on_line_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_3/internal_functions_on_circular_arc_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Circular_kernel_3/internal_functions_on_line_arc_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/HalfedgeDS_iterator.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/optimize_mesh_3.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arrangement_2.h                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Boolean_set_operations_2.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/convert_to_bfi.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/float.h                              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Point_2.h                            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/convex_hull_3_to_polyhedron_3.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Polygon_2_algorithms.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/make_surface_mesh.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Shape_detection_3.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Cartesian_converter_fwd.h            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/convert_impl.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/analyze.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/fgetns_impl.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/reech4x4.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/mincio.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/fgetns.h                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/analyze_impl.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/gis_impl.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/recbuffer_impl.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/recline_impl.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/inr.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/gis.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/bmptypes.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/gif_impl.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/iris_impl.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/bmp.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/typedefs.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/pnm_impl.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/iris.h                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/bmpendian.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/gif.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/convert.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/bmpread_impl.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/recbuffer.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/inr_impl.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/pnm.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/recline.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/reech4x4_impl.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/bmpread.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/bmp_impl.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/mincio_impl.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/ImageIO/bmpendian_impl.h             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Gmpq.h                               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Mesh_domain_with_polyline_features_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Min_sphere_of_points_d_traits_2.h    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/regularize_planes.h                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Hilbert_sort_median_d.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_line_arc_traits_2.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Delaunay_mesh_area_criteria_2.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Orientation_Linf_2.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/cartesian_homogeneous_conversion.h   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_Bezier_curve_traits_2.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Hilbert_sort_on_sphere_3.h           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Kernel_profiler.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_face_index_map.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/global_functions_on_roots_and_polynomials_1_3.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Straight_skeleton_2.h                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Weighted_point_3.h                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/OpenNL/blas.h                        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/OpenNL/preconditioner.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/OpenNL/conjugate_gradient.h          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/OpenNL/full_vector.h                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/OpenNL/sparse_matrix.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/OpenNL/linear_solver.h               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/OpenNL/bicgstab.h                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/wlop_simplify_and_regularize_point_set.h cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Arr_batched_point_location.h         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/certified_quotient_predicates.h      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Homogeneous_converter.h              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/CGAL/Vector_2.h                           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libCGAL.so                                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libCGAL_Core.so                               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libCGAL_ImageIO.so                            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_VersionUtils.cmake            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/FindLEDA.cmake                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_SetupFlags.cmake              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/Help/CGAL_SetupLEDA.rst            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/Help/CGAL_SetupBoost.rst           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/Help/CGAL_SetupCGAL_CoreDependencies.rst cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/Help/CGAL_SetupCGAL_Qt5Dependencies.rst cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/Help/conf.py                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/Help/cmake.py                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/Help/CGAL_SetupCGAL_ImageIODependencies.rst cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/Help/CGAL_SetupGMP.rst             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/Help/index.rst                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/Help/CGAL_SetupCGALDependencies.rst cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/UseEigen3.cmake                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/UseESBTL.cmake                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_CheckCXXFileRuns.cmake        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/FindNTL.cmake                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/FindRS.cmake                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_UseTAUCS.cmake                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/run_cmd_redirection_cerr.cmake     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/FindTAUCS.cmake                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_SetupCGAL_ImageIODependencies.cmake cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_SetupVLD.cmake                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_UseMPFI.cmake                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_SetupCGALDependencies.cmake   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_GeneratorSpecificSettings.cmake cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_SetupCGAL_Qt5Dependencies.cmake cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/testfiles/CGAL_CFG_NO_NEXTAFTER.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/testfiles/CGAL_CFG_DENORMALS_COMPILE_BUG.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/testfiles/CGAL_CFG_MATCHING_BUG_8.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/testfiles/CGAL_CFG_MATCHING_BUG_7.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/testfiles/CGAL_CFG_NO_STL.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/testfiles/CGAL_CFG_IEEE_754_BUG.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/testfiles/CGAL_CFG_MATCHING_BUG_6.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/testfiles/CGAL_CFG_USING_BASE_MEMBER_BUG_2.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/testfiles/CGAL_CFG_NUMERIC_LIMITS_BUG.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/testfiles/CGAL_CFG_OUTOFLINE_MEMBER_DEFINITION_BUG.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/testfiles/CGAL_CFG_FPU_ROUNDING_MODE_UNWINDING_VC_BUG.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/testfiles/CGAL_CFG_TEMPLATE_IN_DEFAULT_PARAMETER_BUG.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/testfiles/CGAL_CFG_MATCHING_BUG_5.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/testfiles/CGAL_CFG_TYPENAME_BEFORE_DEFAULT_ARGUMENT_BUG.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/testfiles/CGAL_CFG_NO_LIMITS.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/testfiles/CGAL_CFG_ISTREAM_INT_BUG.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/support/print_QT_version.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/support/test_LAPACK.cpp     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/support/print_LEDA_version.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/support/test_OPENGL.cpp     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/support/print_BOOST_version.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/support/print_GCC_version.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/support/print_IntelCompiler_version.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/support/print_OPENGL_version.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/support/test_X11.cpp        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/support/test_BOOST.cpp      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/support/print_MPFI_version.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/support/test_ATLAS.cpp      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/support/print_QT4_version.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/support/test_GMP.cpp        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/support/test_BOOST_THREAD.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/support/test_ZLIB.cpp       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/support/test_MPFR.cpp       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/support/test_LEDA.cpp       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/support/test_LIDIA.cpp      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/support/test_BOOST_PROGRAM_OPTIONS.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/support/test_LEDAWIN.cpp    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/support/test_syntaxonly.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/support/CGAL_test_cpp_version.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/support/test_GMPXX.cpp      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/support/test_QT.cpp         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/support/test_BLAS.cpp       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/support/print_ZLIB_version.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/support/print_GMP_version.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/support/print_MPFR_version.cpp cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/config/version.h.in                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_Common.cmake                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_UseRS3.cmake                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/FindMPFR.cmake                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_enable_end_of_configuration_hook.cmake cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/test_MPFI.cpp                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/FindBLAS.cmake                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_parse_version_h.cmake         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_display_flags.cmake           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/process_dependencies.cmake         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/FindTensorFlow.cmake               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_CoreLibConfig.cmake           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/FindF2C.cmake                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_add_test.cmake                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_ImageIOLibConfig.cmake        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGALConfig_binary.cmake.in         cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/FindLASLIB.cmake                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_UseLAPACK.cmake               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/FindMPFI.cmake                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_setup_target_dependencies.cmake cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGALConfig_binary_header_only.cmake.in cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_SetupCGAL_CoreDependencies.cmake cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_CoreExports-minsizerel.cmake  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/FindRS3.cmake                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_SetupDependencies.cmake       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/Makefile                           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_ImageIOExports-minsizerel.cmake cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_TweakFindBoost.cmake          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_SetupGMP.cmake                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_UseRS.cmake                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGALExports-minsizerel.cmake       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/FindMETIS.cmake                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGALExports.cmake                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGALConfig.cmake                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_UseMKL.cmake                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGALLibConfig.cmake.in             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/FindESBTL.cmake                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/FindGMPXX.cmake                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_CoreExports.cmake             cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/run_test_with_cin.cmake            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_Locate_CGAL_TAUCS.cmake       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_SetupLEDA.cmake               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/UseLASLIB.cmake                    cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGALLibConfig.cmake                cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_UseBLAS.cmake                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/UseOpenMesh.cmake                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/FindSuiteSparse.cmake              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/FindGMP.cmake                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_Macros.cmake                  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_target_use_TBB.cmake          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/FindTBB.cmake                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/FindCORE.cmake                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGALConfig_install.cmake.in        cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/FindOpenMesh.cmake                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/FindIPE.cmake                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGALConfigVersion.cmake            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/UseTBB.cmake                       cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/list_of_whitelisted_headers.cmake  cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/FindMKL.cmake                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_UseLEDA.cmake                 cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/FindLAPACK.cmake                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_SetupBoost.cmake              cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_CreateSingleSourceCGALProgram.cmake cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/UseCGAL.cmake                      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_ImageIOExports.cmake          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/FindEigen3.cmake                   cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_SCM.cmake                     cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/CGAL/CGAL_Qt5_moc_and_resource_files.cmake cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/cgal_create_cmake_script.1.gz      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/CGAL-4.14.1-I-900/AUTHORS               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/CGAL-4.14.1-I-900/LICENSE.FREE_USE      cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/CGAL-4.14.1-I-900/CHANGES.md            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/CGAL-4.14.1-I-900/LICENSE               cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/CGAL-4.14.1-I-900/LICENSE.LGPL          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/CGAL-4.14.1-I-900/LICENSE.GPL           cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/cgal/LICENSE                            cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/cgal/LICENSE.1                          cgal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/curseofwar                                    curseofwar
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man6/curseofwar.6.gz                    curseofwar
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/curseofwar/LICENSE                      curseofwar
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/double-conversion/double-conversionTargets-minsizerel.cmake double-conversion
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/double-conversion/double-conversionTargets.cmake double-conversion
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/double-conversion/double-conversionConfigVersion.cmake double-conversion
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/double-conversion/double-conversionConfig.cmake double-conversion
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libdouble-conversion.so                       double-conversion
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/double-conversion/utils.h                 double-conversion
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/double-conversion/double-conversion.h     double-conversion
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/double-conversion/strtod.h                double-conversion
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/double-conversion/fixed-dtoa.h            double-conversion
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/double-conversion/ieee.h                  double-conversion
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/double-conversion/cached-powers.h         double-conversion
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/double-conversion/bignum.h                double-conversion
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/double-conversion/fast-dtoa.h             double-conversion
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/double-conversion/diy-fp.h                double-conversion
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/double-conversion/LICENSE               double-conversion
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/ArpackSupport    eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/AutoDiff         eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/Polynomials      eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/IterativeSolvers eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/NumericalDiff    eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/LevenbergMarquardt eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/EulerAngles      eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/Tensor     eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/TensorSymmetry eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorForcedEval.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorEvalTo.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorExecutor.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorCostModel.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorDimensions.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorExpr.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorSyclLeafCount.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorSyclExtractAccessor.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorReduction.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorRef.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorGenerator.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorIndexList.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorReverse.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorFixedSize.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorMacros.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorStorage.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorDimensionList.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorTraits.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorArgMax.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorVolumePatch.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorImagePatch.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorLayoutSwap.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorSyclExtractFunctors.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorCustomOp.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorScan.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorDeviceDefault.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorFunctors.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorSyclTuple.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorSyclConvertToDeviceExpression.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorDevice.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorInflation.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorChipping.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorShuffling.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorDeviceCuda.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorDeviceSycl.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorPadding.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorConvolution.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorDeviceThreadPool.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorSyclExprConstructor.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorReductionCuda.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorSyclPlaceHolderExpr.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorRandom.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorConcatenation.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorAssign.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorContractionBlocking.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorMorphing.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorContractionMapper.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorEvaluator.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorGlobalFunctions.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorMap.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorStriding.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/Tensor.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorContractionThreadPool.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorReductionSycl.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorSycl.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorPatch.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorFFT.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorContraction.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorIntDiv.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorInitializer.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorBroadcasting.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorSyclRun.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorConversion.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorForwardDeclarations.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorContractionCuda.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorBase.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorUInt128.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorIO.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/Tensor/TensorMeta.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/TensorSymmetry/DynamicSymmetry.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/TensorSymmetry/util/TemplateGroupTheory.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/TensorSymmetry/StaticSymmetry.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/TensorSymmetry/Symmetry.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/util/CXX11Workarounds.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/util/EmulateArray.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/util/MaxSizeVector.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/util/EmulateCXX11Meta.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/util/CXX11Meta.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/ThreadPool/RunQueue.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/ThreadPool/SimpleThreadPool.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/ThreadPool/ThreadPoolInterface.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/ThreadPool/NonBlockingThreadPool.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/ThreadPool/ThreadYield.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/ThreadPool/ThreadEnvironment.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/ThreadPool/EventCount.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/src/ThreadPool/ThreadLocal.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/CXX11/ThreadPool eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/AlignedVector3   eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/MoreVectorization eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/SparseExtra      eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/KroneckerProduct eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/FFT              eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/AdolcForward     eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/SpecialFunctions eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/BVH              eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/MatrixFunctions  eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/Skyline          eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/OpenGLSupport    eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/Splines          eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/NonLinearOptimization eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/MPRealSupport    eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/AutoDiff/AutoDiffVector.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/AutoDiff/AutoDiffJacobian.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/AutoDiff/AutoDiffScalar.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/Polynomials/PolynomialSolver.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/Polynomials/Companion.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/Polynomials/PolynomialUtils.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/IterativeSolvers/ConstrainedConjGrad.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/IterativeSolvers/MINRES.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/IterativeSolvers/IterationController.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/IterativeSolvers/Scaling.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/IterativeSolvers/GMRES.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/IterativeSolvers/DGMRES.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/IterativeSolvers/IncompleteLU.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/NumericalDiff/NumericalDiff.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/LevenbergMarquardt/LMcovar.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/LevenbergMarquardt/LevenbergMarquardt.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/LevenbergMarquardt/LMpar.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/LevenbergMarquardt/LMonestep.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/LevenbergMarquardt/LMqrsolv.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/EulerAngles/EulerSystem.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/EulerAngles/EulerAngles.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/MoreVectorization/MathFunctions.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/SparseExtra/BlockSparseMatrix.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/SparseExtra/MatrixMarketIterator.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/SparseExtra/DynamicSparseMatrix.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/SparseExtra/BlockOfDynamicSparseMatrix.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/SparseExtra/RandomSetter.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/SparseExtra/MarketIO.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/KroneckerProduct/KroneckerTensorProduct.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/FFT/ei_kissfft_impl.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/FFT/ei_fftw_impl.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/SpecialFunctions/SpecialFunctionsArrayAPI.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/SpecialFunctions/SpecialFunctionsFunctors.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/SpecialFunctions/arch/CUDA/CudaSpecialFunctions.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/SpecialFunctions/SpecialFunctionsPacketMath.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/SpecialFunctions/SpecialFunctionsImpl.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/SpecialFunctions/SpecialFunctionsHalf.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/BVH/BVAlgorithms.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/BVH/KdBVH.h  eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/MatrixFunctions/MatrixPower.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/MatrixFunctions/MatrixFunction.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/MatrixFunctions/MatrixSquareRoot.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/MatrixFunctions/MatrixLogarithm.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/MatrixFunctions/StemFunction.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/MatrixFunctions/MatrixExponential.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/Skyline/SkylineInplaceLU.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/Skyline/SkylineProduct.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/Skyline/SkylineMatrix.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/Skyline/SkylineMatrixBase.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/Skyline/SkylineUtil.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/Skyline/SkylineStorage.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/Splines/SplineFitting.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/Splines/SplineFwd.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/Splines/Spline.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/Eigenvalues/ArpackSelfAdjointEigenSolver.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/NonLinearOptimization/fdjac1.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/NonLinearOptimization/chkder.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/NonLinearOptimization/r1mpyq.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/NonLinearOptimization/dogleg.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/NonLinearOptimization/LevenbergMarquardt.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/NonLinearOptimization/qrsolv.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/NonLinearOptimization/HybridNonLinearSolver.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/NonLinearOptimization/lmpar.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/NonLinearOptimization/r1updt.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/NonLinearOptimization/covar.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/unsupported/Eigen/src/NonLinearOptimization/rwupdt.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/PaStiXSupport                eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/CholmodSupport               eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/Householder                  eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/SVD                          eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/SuperLUSupport               eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/StdDeque                     eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/MetisSupport                 eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/Eigen                        eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/Core                         eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/QR                           eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/OrderingMethods              eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/SparseLU                     eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/Cholesky                     eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/UmfPackSupport               eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/SPQRSupport                  eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/Jacobi                       eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/QtAlignedMalloc              eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/Geometry                     eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/StdVector                    eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/SparseQR                     eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/SparseCore                   eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/PardisoSupport               eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/LU                           eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/Dense                        eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/IterativeLinearSolvers       eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/Eigenvalues                  eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/SparseCholesky               eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/Sparse                       eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/StdList                      eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/PaStiXSupport/PaStiXSupport.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/CholmodSupport/CholmodSupport.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Householder/HouseholderSequence.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Householder/Householder.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Householder/BlockHouseholder.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SVD/BDCSVD.h             eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SVD/JacobiSVD_LAPACKE.h  eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SVD/JacobiSVD.h          eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SVD/SVDBase.h            eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SVD/UpperBidiagonalization.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SuperLUSupport/SuperLUSupport.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/MetisSupport/MetisSupport.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/CwiseNullaryOp.h    eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/DiagonalMatrix.h    eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/GeneralProduct.h    eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/IO.h                eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/ForceAlignedAccess.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/SelfCwiseBinaryOp.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/CwiseTernaryOp.h    eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/ConditionEstimator.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/MathFunctions.h     eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/MathFunctionsImpl.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/PermutationMatrix.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/Array.h             eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/Reverse.h           eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/TriangularMatrix.h  eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/Random.h            eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/Inverse.h           eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/NoAlias.h           eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/Dot.h               eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/CwiseUnaryView.h    eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/ReturnByValue.h     eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/Fuzzy.h             eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/functors/BinaryFunctors.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/functors/TernaryFunctors.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/functors/UnaryFunctors.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/functors/NullaryFunctors.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/functors/StlFunctors.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/functors/AssignmentFunctors.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/Map.h               eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/Diagonal.h          eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/BandMatrix.h        eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/CommaInitializer.h  eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/Block.h             eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/DenseBase.h         eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/SolverBase.h        eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/Visitor.h           eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/CoreIterators.h     eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/VectorBlock.h       eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/DiagonalProduct.h   eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/Ref.h               eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/util/ReenableStupidWarnings.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/util/ForwardDeclarations.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/util/Constants.h    eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/util/DisableStupidWarnings.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/util/Meta.h         eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/util/Memory.h       eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/util/BlasUtil.h     eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/util/Macros.h       eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/util/MKL_support.h  eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/util/StaticAssert.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/util/NonMPL2.h      eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/util/XprHelper.h    eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/GlobalFunctions.h   eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/Matrix.h            eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/products/SelfadjointMatrixMatrix.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/products/TriangularSolverMatrix_BLAS.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/products/SelfadjointMatrixVector.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/products/SelfadjointMatrixVector_BLAS.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/products/GeneralMatrixMatrix.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/products/GeneralBlockPanelKernel.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/products/SelfadjointProduct.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/products/Parallelizer.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/products/SelfadjointRank2Update.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/products/GeneralMatrixMatrixTriangular.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/products/GeneralMatrixMatrix_BLAS.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/products/GeneralMatrixVector_BLAS.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/products/GeneralMatrixMatrixTriangular_BLAS.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/products/SelfadjointMatrixMatrix_BLAS.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/products/TriangularMatrixMatrix_BLAS.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/products/TriangularMatrixVector.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/products/TriangularMatrixVector_BLAS.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/products/TriangularMatrixMatrix.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/products/TriangularSolverMatrix.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/products/GeneralMatrixVector.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/products/TriangularSolverVector.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/CoreEvaluators.h    eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/arch/AVX/MathFunctions.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/arch/AVX/Complex.h  eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/arch/AVX/TypeCasting.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/arch/AVX/PacketMath.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/arch/CUDA/MathFunctions.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/arch/CUDA/Complex.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/arch/CUDA/TypeCasting.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/arch/CUDA/PacketMath.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/arch/CUDA/PacketMathHalf.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/arch/CUDA/Half.h    eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/arch/NEON/MathFunctions.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/arch/NEON/Complex.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/arch/NEON/PacketMath.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/arch/AVX512/MathFunctions.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/arch/AVX512/PacketMath.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/arch/Default/ConjHelper.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/arch/Default/Settings.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/arch/ZVector/MathFunctions.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/arch/ZVector/Complex.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/arch/ZVector/PacketMath.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/arch/SSE/MathFunctions.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/arch/SSE/Complex.h  eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/arch/SSE/TypeCasting.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/arch/SSE/PacketMath.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/arch/AltiVec/MathFunctions.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/arch/AltiVec/Complex.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/arch/AltiVec/PacketMath.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/Assign_MKL.h        eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/Replicate.h         eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/ProductEvaluators.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/MatrixBase.h        eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/MapBase.h           eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/Redux.h             eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/Transpose.h         eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/CwiseUnaryOp.h      eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/GenericPacketMath.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/Select.h            eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/Assign.h            eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/Transpositions.h    eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/ArrayBase.h         eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/PlainObjectBase.h   eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/VectorwiseOp.h      eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/BooleanRedux.h      eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/ArrayWrapper.h      eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/Swap.h              eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/CwiseBinaryOp.h     eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/Solve.h             eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/NestByValue.h       eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/SelfAdjointView.h   eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/SolveTriangular.h   eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/Stride.h            eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/AssignEvaluator.h   eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/NumTraits.h         eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/EigenBase.h         eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/DenseCoeffsBase.h   eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/StableNorm.h        eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/DenseStorage.h      eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Core/Product.h           eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/QR/HouseholderQR_LAPACKE.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/QR/ColPivHouseholderQR_LAPACKE.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/QR/HouseholderQR.h       eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/QR/ColPivHouseholderQR.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/QR/CompleteOrthogonalDecomposition.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/QR/FullPivHouseholderQR.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/OrderingMethods/Ordering.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/OrderingMethods/Eigen_Colamd.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/OrderingMethods/Amd.h    eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/StlSupport/StdDeque.h    eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/StlSupport/details.h     eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/StlSupport/StdVector.h   eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/StlSupport/StdList.h     eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseLU/SparseLU_relax_snode.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseLU/SparseLU_pivotL.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseLU/SparseLU_panel_bmod.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseLU/SparseLU.h      eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseLU/SparseLU_Memory.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseLU/SparseLU_copy_to_ucol.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseLU/SparseLUImpl.h  eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseLU/SparseLU_kernel_bmod.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseLU/SparseLU_gemm_kernel.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseLU/SparseLU_Structs.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseLU/SparseLU_Utils.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseLU/SparseLU_column_bmod.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseLU/SparseLU_SupernodalMatrix.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseLU/SparseLU_panel_dfs.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseLU/SparseLU_column_dfs.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseLU/SparseLU_heap_relax_snode.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseLU/SparseLU_pruneL.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Cholesky/LDLT.h          eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Cholesky/LLT.h           eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Cholesky/LLT_LAPACKE.h   eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/UmfPackSupport/UmfPackSupport.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SPQRSupport/SuiteSparseQRSupport.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Jacobi/Jacobi.h          eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Geometry/AlignedBox.h    eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Geometry/Quaternion.h    eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Geometry/AngleAxis.h     eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Geometry/OrthoMethods.h  eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Geometry/Hyperplane.h    eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Geometry/arch/Geometry_SSE.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Geometry/EulerAngles.h   eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Geometry/Homogeneous.h   eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Geometry/Translation.h   eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Geometry/ParametrizedLine.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Geometry/Umeyama.h       eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Geometry/RotationBase.h  eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Geometry/Scaling.h       eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Geometry/Transform.h     eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Geometry/Rotation2D.h    eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/plugins/CommonCwiseUnaryOps.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/plugins/CommonCwiseBinaryOps.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/plugins/ArrayCwiseBinaryOps.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/plugins/MatrixCwiseUnaryOps.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/plugins/ArrayCwiseUnaryOps.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/plugins/MatrixCwiseBinaryOps.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/plugins/BlockMethods.h   eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseQR/SparseQR.h      eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCore/SparseMap.h   eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCore/SparseVector.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCore/SparseSparseProductWithPruning.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCore/SparseFuzzy.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCore/SparseBlock.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCore/SparseColEtree.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCore/SparseTriangularView.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCore/TriangularSolver.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCore/SparseRedux.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCore/AmbiVector.h  eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCore/SparseCwiseBinaryOp.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCore/SparseMatrixBase.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCore/SparseDiagonalProduct.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCore/SparseDot.h   eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCore/SparsePermutation.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCore/SparseSelfAdjointView.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCore/SparseTranspose.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCore/SparseMatrix.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCore/ConservativeSparseSparseProduct.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCore/SparseCwiseUnaryOp.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCore/SparseProduct.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCore/SparseAssign.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCore/MappedSparseMatrix.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCore/SparseCompressedBase.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCore/SparseRef.h   eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCore/SparseView.h  eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCore/CompressedStorage.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCore/SparseDenseProduct.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCore/SparseSolverBase.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCore/SparseUtil.h  eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/PardisoSupport/PardisoSupport.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/LU/FullPivLU.h           eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/LU/arch/Inverse_SSE.h    eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/LU/PartialPivLU_LAPACKE.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/LU/Determinant.h         eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/LU/PartialPivLU.h        eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/LU/InverseImpl.h         eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/IterativeLinearSolvers/BiCGSTAB.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/IterativeLinearSolvers/LeastSquareConjugateGradient.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/IterativeLinearSolvers/BasicPreconditioners.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/IterativeLinearSolvers/IncompleteLUT.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/IterativeLinearSolvers/IncompleteCholesky.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/IterativeLinearSolvers/ConjugateGradient.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/IterativeLinearSolvers/IterativeSolverBase.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/IterativeLinearSolvers/SolveWithGuess.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Eigenvalues/MatrixBaseEigenvalues.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Eigenvalues/HessenbergDecomposition.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Eigenvalues/Tridiagonalization.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Eigenvalues/ComplexSchur.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Eigenvalues/RealSchur_LAPACKE.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Eigenvalues/SelfAdjointEigenSolver.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Eigenvalues/GeneralizedSelfAdjointEigenSolver.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Eigenvalues/SelfAdjointEigenSolver_LAPACKE.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Eigenvalues/RealSchur.h  eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Eigenvalues/RealQZ.h     eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Eigenvalues/ComplexEigenSolver.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Eigenvalues/ComplexSchur_LAPACKE.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Eigenvalues/GeneralizedEigenSolver.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/Eigenvalues/EigenSolver.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCholesky/SimplicialCholesky.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/SparseCholesky/SimplicialCholesky_impl.h eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/misc/lapacke_mangling.h  eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/misc/lapack.h            eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/misc/lapacke.h           eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/misc/blas.h              eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/misc/Kernel.h            eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/misc/Image.h             eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/Eigen/src/misc/RealSvd2x2.h        eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/eigen3/signature_of_eigen3_matrix_library eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pkgconfig/eigen3.pc                         eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/eigen3/cmake/Eigen3Config.cmake             eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/eigen3/cmake/UseEigen3.cmake                eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/eigen3/cmake/Eigen3ConfigVersion.cmake      eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/eigen3/cmake/Eigen3Targets.cmake            eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/eigen/LICENSE                           eigen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/zgames                                        frotz
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/frotz                                         frotz
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man6/frotz.6.gz                         frotz
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/frotz/LICENSE                           frotz
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libgap.la                                     gap-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libgap.a                                      gap-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/vec8bit.h                             gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/scanner.h                             gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/error.h                               gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/listoper.h                            gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/opers.h                               gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/intobj.h                              gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/objpcgel.h                            gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/gvars.h                               gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/integer.h                             gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/gaputils.h                            gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/hpc/traverse.h                        gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/hpc/region.h                          gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/hpc/atomic.h                          gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/hpc/tlsconfig.h                       gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/hpc/threadapi.h                       gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/hpc/aobjects.h                        gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/hpc/misc.h                            gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/hpc/serialize.h                       gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/hpc/thread.h                          gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/hpc/tls.h                             gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/hpc/guards.h                          gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/weakptr.h                             gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/records.h                             gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/vars.h                                gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/ariths.h                              gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/macfloat.h                            gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/gasman.h                              gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/lists.h                               gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/objcftl.h                             gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/julia_gc.h                            gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/read.h                                gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/blister.h                             gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/vector.h                              gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/cyclotom.h                            gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/sysenv.h                              gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/objccoll.h                            gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/tietze.h                              gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/streams.h                             gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/hookintrprtr.h                        gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/sysfiles.h                            gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/intrprtr.h                            gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/io.h                                  gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/funcs.h                               gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/objset.h                              gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/code.h                                gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/dt.h                                  gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/objscoll-impl.h                       gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/dteval.h                              gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/permutat.h                            gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/range.h                               gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/set.h                                 gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/saveload.h                            gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/stats.h                               gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/calls.h                               gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/gap.h                                 gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/objscoll.h                            gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/costab.h                              gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/vecffe.h                              gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/profile.h                             gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/gasman_intern.h                       gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/debug.h                               gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/objccoll-impl.h                       gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/iostream.h                            gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/bool.h                                gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/stringobj.h                           gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/precord.h                             gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/vecgf2.h                              gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/compiled.h                            gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/objfgelm.h                            gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/trans.h                               gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/pperm.h                               gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/system.h                              gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/sortbase.h                            gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/intfuncs.h                            gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/compiler.h                            gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/listfunc.h                            gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/ffdata.h                              gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/sctable.h                             gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/gapstate.h                            gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/sysmem.h                              gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/plist.h                               gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/sysopt.h                              gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/objects.h                             gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/exprs.h                               gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/finfield.h                            gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/fibhash.h                             gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/libgap-api.h                          gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/rational.h                            gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/compstat.h                            gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gap/modules.h                             gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libgap.so                                     gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gac                                           gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gap                                           gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gap/LICENSE                             gap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libgdal.a                                     gdal-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libgdal.la                                    gdal-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/rawdataset.h                              gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gdaljp2metadata.h                         gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gdal_csv.h                                gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/cpl_progress.h                            gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/cpl_string.h                              gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ogr_geometry.h                            gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnm_api.h                                 gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/cpl_virtualmem.h                          gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gdal_proxy.h                              gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gdal_alg_priv.h                           gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/cpl_minizip_ioapi.h                       gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ogr_p.h                                   gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ogr_spatialref.h                          gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/cpl_vsi.h                                 gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/cpl_json.h                                gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ogr_geocoding.h                           gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/cpl_odbc.h                                gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ogrsf_frmts.h                             gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ogr_core.h                                gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gdal.h                                    gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/cpl_multiproc.h                           gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gdalwarper.h                              gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gdal_vrt.h                                gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnm.h                                     gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ogr_srs_api.h                             gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gdal_version.h                            gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ogr_api.h                                 gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/cpl_http.h                                gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gdal_priv.h                               gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gdal_frmts.h                              gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/cpl_vsi_virtual.h                         gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/cpl_vsi_error.h                           gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/cpl_minizip_zip.h                         gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gdalgrid.h                                gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ogr_featurestyle.h                        gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/cpl_csv.h                                 gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gdal_pam.h                                gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/cpl_port.h                                gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/cpl_spawn.h                               gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gdal_simplesurf.h                         gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/cpl_auto_close.h                          gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gdalpansharpen.h                          gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gdal_utils.h                              gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/cpl_conv.h                                gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/cpl_time.h                                gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/cpl_error.h                               gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gdaljp2abstractdataset.h                  gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/cpl_config.h                              gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gdalgeorefpamdataset.h                    gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/cpl_config_extras.h                       gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ogr_feature.h                             gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/memdataset.h                              gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/cpl_minizip_unzip.h                       gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gdalgrid_priv.h                           gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/cpl_quad_tree.h                           gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/cpl_list.h                                gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/cpl_atomic_ops.h                          gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gdal_rat.h                                gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gdal_mdreader.h                           gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/cpl_minixml.h                             gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/cplkeywordparser.h                        gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/vrtdataset.h                              gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/cpl_hash_set.h                            gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gdal_alg.h                                gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnmgraph.h                                gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/gdal.pc                             gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libgdal.so                                    gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gnmmanage                                     gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gnmanalyse                                    gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gdal_grid                                     gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/nearblack                                     gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gdal-config                                   gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gdalmanage                                    gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gdalinfo                                      gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gdal_translate                                gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ogrinfo                                       gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gdalserver                                    gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ogrtindex                                     gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gdaladdo                                      gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gdalwarp                                      gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gdalenhance                                   gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/testepsg                                      gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gdaltindex                                    gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ogrlineref                                    gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gdaltransform                                 gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gdal_contour                                  gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gdalbuildvrt                                  gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gdallocationinfo                              gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gdal_rasterize                                gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gdalsrsinfo                                   gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gdaldem                                       gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ogr2ogr                                       gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/jpfgdgml_LeveeEdge.gfs                 gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/seed_3d.dgn                            gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/jpfgdgml_AdmArea.gfs                   gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/GDALLogoGS.svg                         gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/s57expectedinput.csv                   gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/jpfgdgml_CommBdry.gfs                  gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/inspire_cp_CadastralBoundary.gfs       gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/eedaconf.json                          gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/gdalicon.png                           gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/bag_template.xml                       gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/vdv452.xml                             gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/jpfgdgml_Cstline.gfs                   gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/ozi_datum.csv                          gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/jpfgdgml_SBAPt.gfs                     gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/jpfgdgml_RdCompt.gfs                   gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/seed_2d.dgn                            gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/gt_datum.csv                           gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/trailer.dxf                            gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/jpfgdgml_WA.gfs                        gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/LICENSE.TXT                            gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/pdfcomposition.xsd                     gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/s57attributes.csv                      gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/gdalvrt.xsd                            gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/esri_StatePlane_extra.wkt              gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/gmlasconf.xsd                          gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/GDALLogoBW.svg                         gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/jpfgdgml_RailCL.gfs                    gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/stateplane.csv                         gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/header.dxf                             gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/ruian_vf_v1.gfs                        gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/ozi_ellips.csv                         gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/ruian_vf_ob_v1.gfs                     gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/s57objectclasses.csv                   gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/netcdf_config.xsd                      gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/gmlasconf.xml                          gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/jpfgdgml_RdASL.gfs                     gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/jpfgdgml_ElevPt.gfs                    gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/ogrvrt.xsd                             gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/nitf_spec.xsd                          gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/s57agencies.csv                        gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/osmconf.ini                            gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/jpfgdgml_Cntr.gfs                      gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/jpfgdgml_WStrA.gfs                     gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/jpfgdgml_AdmPt.gfs                     gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/epsg.wkt                               gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/jpfgdgml_RdMgtBdry.gfs                 gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/nitf_spec.xml                          gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/jpfgdgml_SBArea.gfs                    gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/jpfgdgml_RdSgmtA.gfs                   gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/gml_registry.xml                       gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/ruian_vf_st_uvoh_v1.gfs                gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/jpfgdgml_RdArea.gfs                    gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/ruian_vf_st_v1.gfs                     gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/pci_datum.txt                          gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/cubewerx_extra.wkt                     gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/plscenesconf.json                      gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/GDALLogoColor.svg                      gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/jpfgdgml_WL.gfs                        gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/jpfgdgml_RvrMgtBdry.gfs                gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/jpfgdgml_GCP.gfs                       gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/jpfgdgml_WStrL.gfs                     gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/gt_ellips.csv                          gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/jpfgdgml_RdEdg.gfs                     gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/jpfgdgml_BldL.gfs                      gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/inspire_cp_CadastralParcel.gfs         gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/vdv452.xsd                             gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/inspire_cp_BasicPropertyUnit.gfs       gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/pci_ellips.txt                         gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/jpfgdgml_BldA.gfs                      gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/ecw_cs.wkt                             gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/pds4_template.xml                      gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/default.rsc                            gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/jpfgdgml_CommPt.gfs                    gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/jpfgdgml_AdmBdry.gfs                   gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/jpfgdgml_SBBdry.gfs                    gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdal/inspire_cp_CadastralZoning.gfs         gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gdal/LICENSE.TXT                        gdal
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/glulxe                                        glulxe
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/glulxe/LICENSE                          glulxe
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/s__.h                              gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/bm.h                               gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/io_trace.h                         gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/io_error.h                         gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/s_tr.h                             gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/l_compar.h                         gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/spice-wrapper.cc                   gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/md.h                               gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/u_prblst.h                         gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/u_nodemap.h                        gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/m_matrix.h                         gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/e_storag.h                         gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/l_lib.h                            gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/e_cardlist.h                       gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/declare.h                          gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/m_cpoly.h                          gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/trace_off.h                        gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/c_comand.h                         gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/l_stlextra.h                       gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/e_card.h                           gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/ap.h                               gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/io_.h                              gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/e_aux.h                            gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/u_limit.h                          gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/e_ccsrc.h                          gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/globals.h                          gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/e_model.h                          gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/e_subckt.h                         gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/u_lang.h                           gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/e_elemnt.h                         gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/m_divdiff.h                        gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/l_denoise.h                        gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/u_sim_data.h                       gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/d_coment.h                         gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/trace_on.h                         gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/m_interp.h                         gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/l_dispatcher.h                     gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/u_time_pair.h                      gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/e_paramlist.h                      gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/u_xprobe.h                         gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/m_spline.h                         gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/u_opt.h                            gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/m_expression.h                     gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/u_status.h                         gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/u_sdp.h                            gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/m_wave.h                           gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/m_base.h                           gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/e_node.h                           gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/patchlev.h                         gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/e_compon.h                         gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/d_logic.h                          gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/mode.h                             gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/constant.h                         gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/e_base.h                           gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/m_phase.h                          gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/u_cardst.h                         gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/u_probe.h                          gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/l_timer.h                          gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/d_dot.h                            gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/u_function.h                       gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gnucap/u_parameter.h                      gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/gnucap.conf                                   gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libgnucap.so                                  gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gnucap/gnucap-default-plugins.so              gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gnucap-conf                                   gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gnucap-modelgen                               gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gnucap                                        gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gnucap/LICENSE                          gnucap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gnugo                                         gnugo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/info/gnugo.info-3                           gnugo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/info/gnugo.info-2                           gnugo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/info/gnugo.info                             gnugo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/info/gnugo.info-1                           gnugo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man6/gnugo.6.gz                         gnugo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gnugo/LICENSE                           gnugo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gnushogi                                      gnushogi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man6/gnushogi.6.gz                      gnushogi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gnushogi/LICENSE                        gnushogi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/greed                                         greed
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man6/greed.6.gz                         greed
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/greed/LICENSE                           greed
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libgeos.a                                     libgeos-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos_c.h                                  libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/version.h                            libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/opRelate.h                           libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/profiler.h                           libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/util.h                               libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geosAlgorithm.h                      libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/CentroidPoint.h            libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/MinimumDiameter.h          libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/PointInRing.h              libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/RobustDeterminant.h        libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/HCoordinate.h              libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/InteriorPointLine.h        libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/Angle.h                    libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/PointLocator.h             libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/RayCrossingCounter.h       libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/Centroid.h                 libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/CentroidArea.h             libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/ConvexHull.h               libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/NotRepresentableException.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/InteriorPointArea.h        libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/LineIntersector.h          libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/MCPointInRing.h            libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/SIRtreePointInRing.h       libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/distance/PointPairDistance.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/distance/DiscreteFrechetDistance.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/distance/DiscreteHausdorffDistance.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/distance/DistanceToPoint.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/CGAlgorithms.h             libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/InteriorPointPoint.h       libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/ConvexHull.inl             libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/CentroidLine.h             libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/SimplePointInRing.h        libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/CentralEndpointIntersector.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/locate/PointOnGeometryLocator.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/locate/IndexedPointInAreaLocator.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/locate/SimplePointInAreaLocator.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/algorithm/BoundaryNodeRule.h         libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/opDistance.h                         libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation.h                          libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/OrientedCoordinateArray.h     libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/SegmentPointComparator.h      libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/SegmentString.h               libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/NodingValidator.h             libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/SegmentNode.h                 libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/SegmentSetMutualIntersector.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/SimpleNoder.h                 libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/IntersectionFinderAdder.h     libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/IntersectionAdder.h           libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/MCIndexNoder.h                libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/FastNodingValidator.h         libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/NodableSegmentString.h        libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/SegmentIntersectionDetector.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/Octant.h                      libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/SinglePassNoder.h             libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/FastSegmentSetIntersectionFinder.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/NodedSegmentString.h          libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/SegmentIntersector.h          libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/SegmentStringUtil.h           libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/MCIndexSegmentSetMutualIntersector.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/MCIndexNoder.inl              libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/IteratedNoder.h               libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/SegmentNodeList.h             libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/Noder.h                       libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/BasicSegmentString.h          libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/ScaledNoder.h                 libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/snapround/HotPixel.h          libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/snapround/MCIndexPointSnapper.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/snapround/SimpleSnapRounder.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/snapround/MCIndexSnapRounder.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/snapround/HotPixel.inl        libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/SingleInteriorIntersectionFinder.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding/GeometryNoder.h               libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/export.h                             libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/inline.h                             libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/triangulate/VoronoiDiagramBuilder.h  libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/triangulate/quadedge/QuadEdgeSubdivision.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/triangulate/quadedge/QuadEdge.h      libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/triangulate/quadedge/LocateFailureException.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/triangulate/quadedge/LastFoundQuadEdgeLocator.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/triangulate/quadedge/TrianglePredicate.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/triangulate/quadedge/QuadEdgeLocator.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/triangulate/quadedge/TriangleVisitor.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/triangulate/quadedge/Vertex.h        libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/triangulate/IncrementalDelaunayTriangulator.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/triangulate/DelaunayTriangulationBuilder.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/precision/CommonBitsOp.h             libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/precision/GeometryPrecisionReducer.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/precision/CommonBitsRemover.h        libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/precision/EnhancedPrecisionOp.h      libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/precision/PrecisionReducerCoordinateOperation.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/precision/SimpleGeometryPrecisionReducer.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/precision/CommonBits.h               libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/precision/MinimumClearance.h         libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/Coordinate.h                    libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/GeometryFactory.h               libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/LineSegment.h                   libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/LineSegment.inl                 libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/MultiPolygon.h                  libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/IntersectionMatrix.h            libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/Triangle.h                      libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/BinaryOp.h                      libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/Polygon.h                       libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/MultiLineString.inl             libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/CoordinateSequenceFilter.h      libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/Lineal.h                        libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/CoordinateArraySequence.h       libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/Dimension.h                     libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/CoordinateSequence.h            libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/prep/PreparedPolygonCovers.h    libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/prep/PreparedLineStringIntersects.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/prep/PreparedPolygonContainsProperly.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/prep/PreparedPolygonContains.h  libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/prep/BasicPreparedGeometry.h    libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/prep/PreparedPolygon.h          libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/prep/PreparedGeometryFactory.h  libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/prep/PreparedPoint.h            libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/prep/PreparedPolygonPredicate.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/prep/AbstractPreparedPolygonContains.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/prep/PreparedPolygonIntersects.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/prep/PreparedLineString.h       libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/prep/PreparedGeometry.h         libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/util/GeometryExtracter.h        libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/util/GeometryEditorOperation.h  libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/util/CoordinateOperation.h      libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/util/SineStarFactory.h          libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/util/GeometryCombiner.h         libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/util/PointExtracter.h           libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/util/GeometryEditor.h           libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/util/ComponentCoordinateExtracter.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/util/ShortCircuitedGeometryVisitor.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/util/LinearComponentExtracter.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/util/GeometryTransformer.h      libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/util/PolygonExtracter.h         libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/CoordinateArraySequenceFactory.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/CoordinateFilter.h              libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/GeometryFilter.h                libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/Coordinate.inl                  libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/CoordinateSequenceFactory.h     libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/MultiPoint.h                    libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/Envelope.h                      libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/Envelope.inl                    libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/LineString.h                    libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/Polygonal.h                     libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/GeometryCollection.h            libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/MultiLineString.h               libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/PrecisionModel.inl              libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/GeometryFactory.inl             libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/Geometry.h                      libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/Point.h                         libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/Puntal.h                        libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/PrecisionModel.h                libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/LinearRing.h                    libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/Location.h                      libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/MultiPolygon.inl                libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/GeometryComponentFilter.h       libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/CoordinateArraySequenceFactory.inl libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/CoordinateList.h                libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom/GeometryCollection.inl          libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/opPolygonize.h                       libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomPrep.h                           libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/platform.h                           libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geos.h                               libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/opOverlay.h                          libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/opBuffer.h                           libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/indexChain.h                         libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/util/GeometricShapeFactory.h         libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/util/Assert.h                        libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/util/CoordinateArrayFilter.h         libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/util/IllegalStateException.h         libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/util/UniqueCoordinateArrayFilter.h   libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/util/UnsupportedOperationException.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/util/IllegalArgumentException.h      libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/util/GEOSException.h                 libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/util/Interrupt.h                     libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/util/TopologyException.h             libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/util/AssertionFailedException.h      libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/util/math.h                          libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/util/Machine.h                       libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/indexBintree.h                       libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/GeometryGraphOperation.h   libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/sharedpaths/SharedPathsOp.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/relate/EdgeEndBundleStar.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/relate/RelateComputer.h    libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/relate/EdgeEndBundle.h     libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/relate/RelateNodeGraph.h   libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/relate/RelateNodeFactory.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/relate/RelateNode.h        libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/relate/RelateOp.h          libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/relate/EdgeEndBuilder.h    libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/IsSimpleOp.h               libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/intersection/Rectangle.h   libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/intersection/RectangleIntersectionBuilder.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/intersection/RectangleIntersection.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/overlay/EdgeSetNoder.h     libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/overlay/ElevationMatrix.h  libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/overlay/OverlayNodeFactory.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/overlay/PolygonBuilder.h   libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/overlay/LineBuilder.h      libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/overlay/ElevationMatrixCell.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/overlay/MinimalEdgeRing.h  libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/overlay/MaximalEdgeRing.h  libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/overlay/MinimalEdgeRing.inl libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/overlay/validate/OffsetPointGenerator.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/overlay/validate/FuzzyPointLocator.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/overlay/validate/OverlayResultValidator.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/overlay/snap/LineStringSnapper.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/overlay/snap/GeometrySnapper.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/overlay/snap/SnapIfNeededOverlayOp.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/overlay/snap/SnapOverlayOp.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/overlay/PointBuilder.h     libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/overlay/OverlayOp.h        libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/linemerge/LineMergeEdge.h  libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/linemerge/LineMergeGraph.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/linemerge/EdgeString.h     libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/linemerge/LineMergeDirectedEdge.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/linemerge/LineMerger.h     libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/linemerge/LineSequencer.h  libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/distance/DistanceOp.h      libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/distance/FacetSequence.h   libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/distance/ConnectedElementLocationFilter.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/distance/FacetSequenceTreeBuilder.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/distance/IndexedFacetDistance.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/distance/GeometryLocation.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/distance/ConnectedElementPointFilter.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/valid/QuadtreeNestedRingTester.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/valid/ConnectedInteriorTester.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/valid/IsValidOp.h          libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/valid/SimpleNestedRingTester.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/valid/ConsistentAreaTester.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/valid/RepeatedPointTester.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/valid/TopologyValidationError.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/valid/SweeplineNestedRingTester.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/polygonize/PolygonizeGraph.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/polygonize/PolygonizeDirectedEdge.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/polygonize/PolygonizeEdge.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/polygonize/EdgeRing.h      libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/polygonize/Polygonizer.h   libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/union/UnaryUnionOp.h       libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/union/PointGeometryUnion.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/union/CascadedPolygonUnion.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/union/CascadedUnion.h      libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/union/GeometryListHolder.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/predicate/SegmentIntersectionTester.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/predicate/RectangleContains.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/predicate/RectangleIntersects.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/buffer/RightmostEdgeFinder.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/buffer/OffsetSegmentGenerator.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/buffer/BufferOp.h          libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/buffer/SubgraphDepthLocater.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/buffer/OffsetSegmentString.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/buffer/OffsetCurveSetBuilder.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/buffer/BufferInputLineSimplifier.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/buffer/BufferParameters.h  libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/buffer/OffsetCurveBuilder.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/buffer/BufferSubgraph.h    libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/operation/buffer/BufferBuilder.h     libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/indexSweepline.h                     libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/EdgeIntersection.h         libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/EdgeEndStar.h              libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/Position.h                 libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/GeometryGraph.inl          libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/EdgeIntersectionList.h     libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/NodeFactory.h              libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/PlanarGraph.h              libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/NodeMap.h                  libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/Node.h                     libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/EdgeNodingValidator.h      libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/TopologyLocation.h         libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/Quadrant.h                 libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/Depth.h                    libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/EdgeEnd.h                  libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/DirectedEdge.inl           libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/GeometryGraph.h            libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/EdgeList.h                 libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/DirectedEdgeStar.h         libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/EdgeRing.h                 libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/Label.h                    libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/index/SweepLineEventObj.h  libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/index/MonotoneChain.h      libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/index/SweepLineSegment.h   libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/index/EdgeSetIntersector.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/index/SegmentIntersector.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/index/SimpleEdgeSetIntersector.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/index/MonotoneChainIndexer.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/index/SimpleMCSweepLineIntersector.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/index/MonotoneChainEdge.h  libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/index/SweepLineEvent.h     libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/index/SimpleSweepLineIntersector.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/DirectedEdge.h             libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/GraphComponent.h           libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph/Edge.h                     libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/io.h                                 libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/opLinemerge.h                        libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/precision.h                          libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/unload.h                             libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraph.h                          libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomgraphindex.h                     libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/opPredicate.h                        libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/quadtree/NodeBase.h            libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/quadtree/DoubleBits.h          libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/quadtree/Quadtree.h            libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/quadtree/Key.h                 libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/quadtree/Node.h                libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/quadtree/Root.h                libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/quadtree/IntervalSize.h        libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/SpatialIndex.h                 libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/intervalrtree/IntervalRTreeNode.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/intervalrtree/IntervalRTreeBranchNode.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/intervalrtree/SortedPackedIntervalRTree.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/intervalrtree/IntervalRTreeLeafNode.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/bintree/NodeBase.h             libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/bintree/Key.h                  libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/bintree/Node.h                 libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/bintree/Root.h                 libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/bintree/Interval.h             libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/bintree/Bintree.h              libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/chain/MonotoneChainSelectAction.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/chain/MonotoneChain.h          libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/chain/MonotoneChainBuilder.h   libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/chain/MonotoneChainOverlapAction.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/sweepline/SweepLineIndex.h     libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/sweepline/SweepLineInterval.h  libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/sweepline/SweepLineOverlapAction.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/sweepline/SweepLineEvent.h     libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/ItemVisitor.h                  libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/strtree/ItemDistance.h         libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/strtree/ItemBoundable.h        libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/strtree/BoundablePair.h        libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/strtree/Interval.h             libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/strtree/GeometryItemDistance.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/strtree/SIRtree.h              libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/strtree/AbstractNode.h         libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/strtree/AbstractSTRtree.h      libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/strtree/Boundable.h            libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/index/strtree/STRtree.h              libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/opValid.h                            libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/planargraph/algorithm/ConnectedSubgraphFinder.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/planargraph/PlanarGraph.h            libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/planargraph/NodeMap.h                libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/planargraph/Subgraph.h               libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/planargraph/Node.h                   libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/planargraph/DirectedEdgeStar.h       libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/planargraph/DirectedEdge.h           libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/planargraph/GraphComponent.h         libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/planargraph/Edge.h                   libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geom.h                               libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/indexStrtree.h                       libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/noding.h                             libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/io/WKBConstants.h                    libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/io/WKTReader.h                       libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/io/ByteOrderValues.h                 libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/io/ByteOrderDataInStream.h           libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/io/Writer.h                          libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/io/ParseException.h                  libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/io/WKBWriter.h                       libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/io/WKTWriter.h                       libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/io/ByteOrderDataInStream.inl         libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/io/CLocalizer.h                      libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/io/WKTReader.inl                     libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/io/WKBReader.h                       libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/io/StringTokenizer.h                 libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/nodingSnapround.h                    libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/simplify/TaggedLineSegment.h         libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/simplify/LineSegmentIndex.h          libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/simplify/TaggedLinesSimplifier.h     libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/simplify/TaggedLineString.h          libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/simplify/TaggedLineStringSimplifier.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/simplify/TopologyPreservingSimplifier.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/simplify/DouglasPeuckerLineSimplifier.h libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/simplify/DouglasPeuckerSimplifier.h  libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/indexQuadtree.h                      libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/indexIntervalRTree.h                 libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/spatialIndex.h                       libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/timeval.h                            libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/geomUtil.h                           libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/planargraph.h                        libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/linearref/LengthIndexOfPoint.h       libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/linearref/LengthIndexedLine.h        libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/linearref/LocationIndexOfPoint.h     libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/linearref/LengthLocationMap.h        libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/linearref/ExtractLineByLocation.h    libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/linearref/LocationIndexedLine.h      libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/linearref/LocationIndexOfLine.h      libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/linearref/LinearIterator.h           libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/linearref/LinearGeometryBuilder.h    libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geos/linearref/LinearLocation.h           libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libgeos.so                                    libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libgeos_c.so                                  libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/geos-config                                   libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/libgeos/LICENSE                         libgeos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libhdf5_hl.a                                  libhdf5-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libhdf5_tools.a                               libhdf5-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libhdf5.a                                     libhdf5-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libhdf5_cpp.a                                 libhdf5-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libhdf5_hl_cpp.a                              libhdf5-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5Cpublic.h                               libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5Location.h                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5FDmpio.h                                libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5PacketTable.h                           libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5PLpublic.h                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5EnumType.h                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5VarLenType.h                            libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5DxferProp.h                             libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5Attribute.h                             libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5FDwindows.h                             libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5Dpublic.h                               libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5IntType.h                               libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5IdComponent.h                           libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5LaccProp.h                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5IMpublic.h                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5File.h                                  libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5Ppublic.h                               libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5FDfamily.h                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5Spublic.h                               libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5Fpublic.h                               libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5Apublic.h                               libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5Include.h                               libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5AbstractDs.h                            libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5pubconf.h                               libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5FaccProp.h                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5Epubgen.h                               libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5Alltypes.h                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5Classes.h                               libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5DOpublic.h                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5version.h                               libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5Cpp.h                                   libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5api_adpt.h                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5FDstdio.h                               libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5StrType.h                               libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5DataSet.h                               libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5LTpublic.h                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5Exception.h                             libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5FDmulti.h                               libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5FcreatProp.h                            libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5Zpublic.h                               libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5PLextern.h                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5Epublic.h                               libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5ACpublic.h                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5TBpublic.h                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5Library.h                               libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5Opublic.h                               libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5Lpublic.h                               libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5CppDoc.h                                libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5LDpublic.h                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5AtomType.h                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5FDmpi.h                                 libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5public.h                                libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5Ipublic.h                               libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5FDdirect.h                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5OcreatProp.h                            libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5PropList.h                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5FDcore.h                                libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5Tpublic.h                               libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/hdf5_hl.h                                 libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5ArrayType.h                             libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5MMpublic.h                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5DaccProp.h                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5CompType.h                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5Group.h                                 libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5CommonFG.h                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5LcreatProp.h                            libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5DataSpace.h                             libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5FDpublic.h                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/hdf5.h                                    libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5FDsec2.h                                libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5Rpublic.h                               libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5PTpublic.h                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5DcreatProp.h                            libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5Gpublic.h                               libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5overflow.h                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5PredType.h                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5DSpublic.h                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5FDlog.h                                 libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5FloatType.h                             libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5Object.h                                libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/H5DataType.h                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libhdf5_cpp.so                                libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libhdf5_tools.so                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libhdf5.so                                    libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libhdf5_hl_cpp.so                             libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/hdf5_hl-1.10.5.pc                   libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/hdf5_cpp-1.10.5.pc                  libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/hdf5_hl_cpp-1.10.5.pc               libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/hdf5-1.10.5.pc                      libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libhdf5.settings                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libhdf5_hl.so                                 libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/h5hlcc                                        libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/h5ls                                          libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/h5dump-shared                                 libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/h5diff                                        libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/h52gif                                        libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/h5copy-shared                                 libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/h5dump                                        libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/h5hlc++                                       libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/h5repack                                      libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/h5clear                                       libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/h5cc                                          libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/h5unjam                                       libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/h5repack-shared                               libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/h5stat                                        libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/h5watch                                       libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/h5copy                                        libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/h5stat-shared                                 libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/h5debug                                       libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/h5ls-shared                                   libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/h5format_convert                              libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/h5repart                                      libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/h5mkgrp                                       libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/h5c++                                         libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gif2h5                                        libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/h5jam                                         libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/h5diff-shared                                 libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/h5import                                      libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/USING_HDF5_CMake.txt                        libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/libhdf5/LICENSE                         libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/RELEASE.txt                                 libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/COPYING                                     libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/cmake/hdf5/hdf5-targets.cmake               libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/cmake/hdf5/hdf5-config.cmake                libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/cmake/hdf5/hdf5-targets-minsizerel.cmake    libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/cmake/hdf5/hdf5-config-version.cmake        libhdf5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/dejavu-sans-condensed.h         mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/mapserv.h                       mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/uthash.h                        mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/mapoglrenderer.h                mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/cgiutil.h                       mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/mapogcsld.h                     mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/mapio.h                         mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/dxfcolor.h                      mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/mapshape.h                      mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/mapsymbol.h                     mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/mapows.h                        mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/mapserver-api.h                 mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/mapaxisorder.h                  mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/mapfile.h                       mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/mapserver-config.h              mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/maptree.h                       mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/mapoglcontext.h                 mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/maperror.h                      mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/mapentities.h                   mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/mapparser.h                     mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/maphttp.h                       mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/mapresample.h                   mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/maphash.h                       mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/mapowscommon.h                  mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/maptime.h                       mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/mapagg.h                        mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/mapkmlrenderer.h                mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/mapcopy.h                       mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/maplibxml2.h                    mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/mapprimitive.h                  mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/mapserver.h                     mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/mapregex.h                      mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/mapserver-version.h             mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/mapthread.h                     mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/maputfgrid.h                    mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/mappostgis.h                    mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/maptile.h                       mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/mapraster.h                     mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/fontcache.h                     mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/mapogcfilter.h                  mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/mapproject.h                    mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/mapwcs.h                        mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/hittest.h                       mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/mapgml.h                        mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mapserver/maptemplate.h                   mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libmapserver.so                               mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/msencrypt                                     mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/shptreetst                                    mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/scalebar                                      mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tile4ms                                       mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/mapserv                                       mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/legend                                        mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sortshp                                       mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/shptreevis                                    mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/shp2img                                       mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/shptree                                       mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/mapserver/cmake/mapserverTargets.cmake      mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/mapserver/cmake/mapserverTargets-minsizerel.cmake mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/mapserver/cmake/mapserver-config.cmake      mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/mapserver/cmake/mapserver-config-version.cmake mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/mapserver/LICENSE                       mapserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/moon-buggy                                    moon-buggy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man6/moon-buggy.6.gz                    moon-buggy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/moon-buggy/LICENSE                      moon-buggy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/games/moria/rl_help_wizard.txt                moria
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/games/moria/rl_help.txt                       moria
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/games/moria/splash.txt                        moria
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/games/moria/help_wizard.txt                   moria
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/games/moria/death_royal.txt                   moria
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/games/moria/versions.txt                      moria
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/games/moria/welcome.txt                       moria
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/games/moria/help.txt                          moria
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/games/moria/scores.dat                        moria
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/games/moria/death_tomb.txt                    moria
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/moria                                         moria
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/moria/faq.md                            moria
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/moria/LICENSE                           moria
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/moria/manual.md                         moria
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libnetcdf.la                                  netcdf-c-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libh5bzip2.la                                 netcdf-c-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libnetcdf.a                                   netcdf-c-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/netcdf_aux.h                              netcdf-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/netcdf_mem.h                              netcdf-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/netcdf_meta.h                             netcdf-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/netcdf.h                                  netcdf-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/netcdf_dispatch.h                         netcdf-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/netcdf_filter.h                           netcdf-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/netcdf.pc                           netcdf-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libh5bzip2.so                                 netcdf-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libnetcdf.settings                            netcdf-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libnetcdf.so                                  netcdf-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/nccopy                                        netcdf-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ncdump                                        netcdf-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ncgen3                                        netcdf-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/nc-config                                     netcdf-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ncgen                                         netcdf-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ncgen.1.gz                         netcdf-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ncgen3.1.gz                        netcdf-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ncdump.1.gz                        netcdf-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/nccopy.1.gz                        netcdf-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/netcdf.3.gz                        netcdf-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/netcdf-c/LICENSE                        netcdf-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/nethack                                     nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/lib/nethackdir/recover                      nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/lib/nethackdir/record                       nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/lib/nethackdir/perm                         nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/lib/nethackdir/sysconf                      nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/lib/nethackdir/logfile                      nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/lib/nethackdir/nhdat                        nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/lib/nethackdir/xlogfile                     nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/lib/nethackdir/symbols                      nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/lib/nethackdir/license                      nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/lib/nethackdir/nethack                      nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/nethack                                       nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man6/nethack.6.gz                       nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/nethack/LICENSE                         nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/nInvaders                                     ninvaders
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ninvaders/LICENSE                       ninvaders
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/nsnake                                        nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pixmaps/nsnake.xpm                          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/applications/nsnake.desktop                 nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man6/nsnake.6.gz                        nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/nsnake/LICENSE                          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/retro00.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/s.nsnake                nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/retro05-2.nsnake        nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/arena02.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/horizontal-madness.nsnake nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/squares01.nsnake        nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/z.nsnake                nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/retro06.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/arena01.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/squares02.nsnake        nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/tricky-horizontal.nsnake nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/lenny.nsnake            nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/retro05.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/arena00.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/tetris.nsnake           nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/balls.nsnake            nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/retro01.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/spiral-large.nsnake     nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/diagonal-split.nsnake   nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/retro02.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/retro07.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/3-hearts.nsnake         nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/cave00.nsnake           nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/tricky.nsnake           nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/tricky-vertical.nsnake  nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/retro03.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/squares00.nsnake        nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/vertical-madness.nsnake nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/retro04.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/NSNAKE.nsnake           nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/w.nsnake                nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/nsnake.png         nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/nsnake.png         nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/nudoku                                        nudoku
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man6/nudoku.6.gz                        nudoku
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/nudoku/LICENSE                          nudoku
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/advent                                        open-adventure
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/open-adventure/LICENSE                  open-adventure
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/fingerprint.h        openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/descriptor.h         openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/obmolecformat.h      openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/spectrophore.h       openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/inchiformat.h        openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/chemdrawcdx.h        openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/shared_ptr.h         openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/obutil.h             openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/chains.h             openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/rotor.h              openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/groupcontrib.h       openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/patty.h              openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/ring.h               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/generic.h            openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/atom.h               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/babelconfig.h        openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/xml.h                openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/kinetics.h           openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/reactionfacade.h     openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/math/erf.h           openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/math/matrix3x3.h     openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/math/spacegroup.h    openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/math/vector3.h       openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/math/align.h         openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/math/transform3d.h   openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/elements.h           openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/depict/depict.h      openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/depict/commandpainter.h openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/depict/cairopainter.h openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/depict/svgpainter.h  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/depict/painter.h     openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/depict/asciipainter.h openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/obfunctions.h        openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/conformersearch.h    openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/pointgroup.h         openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/data_utilities.h     openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/molchrg.h            openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/parsmart.h           openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/format.h             openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/forcefield.h         openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/builder.h            openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/graphsym.h           openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/json.h               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/obiter.h             openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/internalcoord.h      openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/bondtyper.h          openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/distgeom.h           openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/alias.h              openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/bitvec.h             openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/dlhandler.h          openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/mcdlutil.h           openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/locale.h             openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/mol.h                openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/grid.h               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/kekulize.h           openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/canon.h              openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/data.h               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/stereo/tetrahedral.h openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/stereo/stereo.h      openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/stereo/tetraplanar.h openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/stereo/bindings.h    openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/stereo/tetranonplanar.h openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/stereo/cistrans.h    openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/stereo/squareplanar.h openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/reaction.h           openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/typer.h              openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/op.h                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/optransform.h        openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/residue.h            openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/phmodel.h            openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/text.h               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/base.h               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/obconversion.h       openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/chargemodel.h        openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/plugin.h             openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/tokenst.h            openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/oberror.h            openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/bond.h               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/tautomer.h           openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/lineend.h            openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/matrix.h             openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/rotamer.h            openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/isomorphism.h        openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/griddata.h           openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openbabel3/openbabel/query.h              openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/inchi/inchi_api.h                         openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/amberformat.so                openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/fpsformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/stlformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/bgfformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/unichemformat.so              openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/pubchemjsonformat.so          openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/abinitformat.so               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/smileyformat.so               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/exyzformat.so                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/acrformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/mdlformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/opendxformat.so               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/reportformat.so               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/pointcloudformat.so           openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/xedformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/gromos96format.so             openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/vaspformat.so                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/xmlformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/hinformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/cmlreactformat.so             openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/fingerprintformat.so          openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/moldenformat.so               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/nulformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/gausszmatformat.so            openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/thermoformat.so               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/chemtoolformat.so             openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/turbomoleformat.so            openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/pwscfformat.so                openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/painterformat.so              openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/crystal09format.so            openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/cccformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/orcaformat.so                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/povrayformat.so               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/fastaformat.so                openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/plugin_charges.so             openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/dlpolyformat.so               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/lmpdatformat.so               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/pdbformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/plugin_forcefields.so         openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/nwchemformat.so               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/xyzformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/balstformat.so                openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/rinchiformat.so               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/daltonformat.so               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/CSRformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/alchemyformat.so              openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/gulpformat.so                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/inchiformat.so                openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/chemdoodlejsonformat.so       openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/castepformat.so               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/chem3dformat.so               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/jaguarformat.so               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/xsfformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/mmcifformat.so                openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/ghemicalformat.so             openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/copyformat.so                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/mol2format.so                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/chemdrawcdx.so                openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/pngformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/pqrformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/mdffformat.so                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/molproformat.so               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/APIInterface.so               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/qchemformat.so                openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/titleformat.so                openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/tinkerformat.so               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/zindoformat.so                openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/fchkformat.so                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/cdxmlformat.so                openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/svgformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/gausscubeformat.so            openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/cacheformat.so                openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/posformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/fastsearchformat.so           openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/plugin_descriptors.so         openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/dmolformat.so                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/fhiaimsformat.so              openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/pdbqtformat.so                openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/adfformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/cacaoformat.so                openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/mmodformat.so                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/plugin_fingerprints.so        openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/freefracformat.so             openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/textformat.so                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/pubchem.so                    openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/rxnformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/PQSformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/confabreport.so               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/pcmodelformat.so              openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/carformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/MNAformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/gaussformat.so                openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/msmsformat.so                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/mpdformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/asciiformat.so                openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/rsmiformat.so                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/png2format.so                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/mopacformat.so                openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/aoforceformat.so              openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/outformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/yasaraformat.so               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/plugin_ops.so                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/cifformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/acesformat.so                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/gamessformat.so               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/shelxformat.so                openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/gamessukformat.so             openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/boxformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/mpqcformat.so                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/crkformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/viewmolformat.so              openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/cssrformat.so                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/chemkinformat.so              openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/cofformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/chemdrawct.so                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/molreport.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/msiformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/featformat.so                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/smilesformat.so               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/MCDLformat.so                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/lpmdformat.so                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/groformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/fhformat.so                   openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/cmlformat.so                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openbabel/3.0.0/siestaformat.so               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/openbabel-3.pc                      openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libopenbabel.so                               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libinchi.so                                   openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/openbabel3/OpenBabel3ConfigVersion.cmake openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/openbabel3/OpenBabel3Config.cmake       openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/openbabel3/OpenBabel3_EXPORTS-minsizerel.cmake openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/openbabel3/OpenBabel3_EXPORTS.cmake     openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/obmm                                          openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/obrotate                                      openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/obabel                                        openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/obgrep                                        openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/obrotamer                                     openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/obthermo                                      openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/roundtrip                                     openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/obdistgen                                     openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/obenergy                                      openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/obfitall                                      openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/obprop                                        openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/obrms                                         openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/obtautomer                                    openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/obminimize                                    openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/obspectrophore                                openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/obprobe                                       openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/obsym                                         openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/obfit                                         openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/obconformer                                   openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/obgen                                         openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/obgrep.1.gz                        openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/obminimize.1.gz                    openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/obrms.1.gz                         openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/obspectrophore.1.gz                openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/obgui.1.gz                         openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/obprobe.1.gz                       openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/obrotamer.1.gz                     openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/roundtrip.1.gz                     openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/obfit.1.gz                         openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/obrotate.1.gz                      openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/obtautomer.1.gz                    openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/obenergy.1.gz                      openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/obthermo.1.gz                      openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/obprop.1.gz                        openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/obsym.1.gz                         openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/obconformer.1.gz                   openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/obgen.1.gz                         openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/obabel.1.gz                        openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/babel.1.gz                         openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/obdistgen.1.gz                     openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/obchiral.1.gz                      openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/gaff.prm                    openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/patterns.txt                openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/templates.sdf               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/psa.txt                     openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/mmffprop.par                openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/ghemical.prm                openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/gaff.dat                    openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/eem.txt                     openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/splash.png                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/types.txt                   openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/atomtyp.txt                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/mmffbond.par                openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/logp.txt                    openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/mmffdfsb.par                openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/ring-fragments.txt          openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/mmfftor.par                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/mmffbndk.par                openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/svgformat.script            openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/rigid-fragments-index.txt   openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/plugindefines.txt           openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/phmodel.txt                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/eem2015hn.txt               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/space-groups.txt            openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/eem2015bn.txt               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/eem2015ba.txt               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/eqeqIonizations.txt         openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/ringtyp.txt                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/eem2015hm.txt               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/mmffstbn.par                openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/bondtyp.txt                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/mr.txt                      openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/eem2015bm.txt               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/mmffvdw.par                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/mmffoop.par                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/superatom.txt               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/mpC.txt                     openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/mmffs_tor.par               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/rigid-fragments.txt         openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/torlib.txt                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/mmff94.ff                   openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/torsion.txt                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/mmffang.par                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/mmffchg.par                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/mmff94s.ff                  openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/mmffpbci.par                openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/babel_povray3.inc           openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/UFF.prm                     openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/mmffs_oop.par               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/atomization-energies.txt    openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/qeq.txt                     openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/mmffdef.par                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/MACCS.txt                   openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/eem2015ha.txt               openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/SMARTS_InteLigand.txt       openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openbabel/3.0.0/resdata.txt                 openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/openbabel/LICENSE                       openbabel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libopen-rte.a                                 openmpi-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libopen-rte.la                                openmpi-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libopen-pal.a                                 openmpi-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libompitrace.la                               openmpi-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libmpi.a                                      openmpi-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libopen-pal.la                                openmpi-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libompitrace.a                                openmpi-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libmpi.la                                     openmpi-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openmpi/libompi_dbg_msgq.la                   openmpi-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openmpi/libompi_dbg_msgq.a                    openmpi-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mpif.h                                    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mpi-ext.h                                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mpif-ext.h                                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mpi_portable_platform.h                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mpif-c-constants-decl.h                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mpif-sizeof.h                             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/mpi.h                                     openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openmpi/mpiext/mpiext_cuda_c.h            openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openmpi/mpiext/mpiext_pcollreq_c.h        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openmpi/mpiext/mpiext_affinity_c.h        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openmpi/mpiext/pmpiext_pcollreq_c.h       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/openmpi-default-hostfile                      openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/openmpi-totalview.tcl                         openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/pmix-mca-params.conf                          openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/openmpi-mca-params.conf                       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/orte.pc                             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/ompi-fort.pc                        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/ompi-f90.pc                         openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/ompi.pc                             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/ompi-cxx.pc                         openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/ompi-f77.pc                         openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/ompi-c.pc                           openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libompitrace.so                               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libmpi.so                                     openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libopen-pal.so                                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libopen-rte.so                                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openmpi/libompi_dbg_msgq.so                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/mpirun                                        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/mpif90                                        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/opal_wrapper                                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/mpicxx                                        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/mpiCC                                         openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ompi_info                                     openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/mpifort                                       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/orte-server                                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/orte-clean                                    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/mpic++                                        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ompi-clean                                    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/orte-info                                     openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/orted                                         openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/mpicc                                         openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/mpif77                                        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ompi-server                                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/mpiexec                                       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ortecc                                        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/orterun                                       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pmix/help-pmix-runtime.txt                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pmix/help-pmix-plog.txt                     openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pmix/help-pmix-server.txt                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pmix/pmix-valgrind.supp                     openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pmix/help-pmix-psensor-heartbeat.txt        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pmix/help-pmix-psensor-file.txt             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pmix/help-pmix-mca-base.txt                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pmix/help-pmix-mca-var.txt                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/orterun.1.gz                       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/orted.1.gz                         openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ompi-server.1.gz                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ompi_info.1.gz                     openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/orte-clean.1.gz                    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ompi-clean.1.gz                    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/mpirun.1.gz                        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/mpiexec.1.gz                       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/mpif77.1.gz                        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/mpifort.1.gz                       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/mpic++.1.gz                        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/mpicc.1.gz                         openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/mpif90.1.gz                        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/orte-server.1.gz                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/mpicxx.1.gz                        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/orte-info.1.gz                     openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/opal_wrapper.1.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/mpiCC.1.gz                         openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_attach.3.gz                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Irsend.3.gz                    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPIX_Bcast_init.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_create_hindexed.3.gz      openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Unpublish_name.3.gz            openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Graphdims_get.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_delete_attr.3.gz          openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_create_keyval.3.gz        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_f2c.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_create_keyval.3.gz         openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Unpack_external.3.gz           openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_c2f.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_compare.3.gz              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Message_f2c.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_get_type_extent.3.gz      openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_read_shared.3.gz          openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_complete.3.gz              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Irecv.3.gz                     openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_T_pvar_session_free.3.gz       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/OpenMPI.3.gz                       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Keyval_free.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Testany.3.gz                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Allreduce.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Reduce.3.gz                    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPIX_Alltoallv_init.3.gz           openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Neighbor_alltoallw.3.gz        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_remote_size.3.gz          openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Pack_external.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Cart_sub.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Igather.3.gz                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Status_set_cancelled.3.gz      openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPIX_Alltoallw_init.3.gz           openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Keyval_create.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Raccumulate.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_flush_local.3.gz           openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_create_errhandler.3.gz     openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_iwrite.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Sendrecv_replace.3.gz          openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Probe.3.gz                     openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI.3.gz                           openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_split.3.gz                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_disconnect.3.gz           openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Add_error_string.3.gz          openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Recv_init.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Errhandler_get.3.gz            openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_set_view.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Cart_map.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_rank.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPIX_Neighbor_alltoallv_init.3.gz  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Intercomm_create.3.gz          openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_T_category_get_cvars.3.gz      openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Scan.3.gz                      openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPIX_Exscan_init.3.gz              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPIX_Allreduce_init.3.gz           openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Bsend.3.gz                     openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_shared_query.3.gz          openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Errhandler_set.3.gz            openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_T_init_thread.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Cart_shift.3.gz                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_get_errhandler.3.gz        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Bsend_init.3.gz                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_T_cvar_get_num.3.gz            openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Alltoallw.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_T_pvar_stop.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Op_free.3.gz                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_get_true_extent.3.gz      openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_wait.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Neighbor_allgather.3.gz        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_T_category_get_pvars.3.gz      openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Waitany.3.gz                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Topo_test.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_iread_all.3.gz            openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPIX_Scan_init.3.gz                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Cart_rank.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Grequest_start.3.gz            openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_get_group.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Request_c2f.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_create_hvector.3.gz       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_size.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_c2f.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Group_range_incl.3.gz          openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_write.3.gz                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Add_error_class.3.gz           openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Sendrecv.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_set_errhandler.3.gz       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Info_free.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Is_thread_main.3.gz            openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Pack_size.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPIX_Gatherv_init.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Cart_create.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Compare_and_swap.3.gz          openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Finalized.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Start.3.gz                     openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_ub.3.gz                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_write_all.3.gz            openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Rsend.3.gz                     openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPIX_Allgatherv_init.3.gz          openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_allocate_shared.3.gz       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_T_cvar_get_info.3.gz           openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_get_amode.3.gz            openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Query_thread.3.gz              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_create_dynamic.3.gz        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_T_cvar_read.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_create_f90_integer.3.gz   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_T_cvar_handle_free.3.gz        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_read_all_begin.3.gz       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPIX_Scatter_init.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Test.3.gz                      openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Open_port.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Imrecv.3.gz                    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Group_incl.3.gz                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_size_x.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_read_ordered_end.3.gz     openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Iallgather.3.gz                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Iscatter.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_get_name.3.gz              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPIX_Reduce_scatter_block_init.3.gz openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_create_group.3.gz         openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Group_size.3.gz                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_write_at_all.3.gz         openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_read_at.3.gz              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPIX_Neighbor_allgatherv_init.3.gz openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_read_all_end.3.gz         openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_join.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_iread.3.gz                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_get_extent.3.gz           openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Get_elements_x.3.gz            openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Group_difference.3.gz          openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_create_errhandler.3.gz    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPIX_Neighbor_allgather_init.3.gz  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_seek_shared.3.gz          openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_T_cvar_write.3.gz              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_hvector.3.gz              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_flush.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_write_all_end.3.gz        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_set_info.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_T_pvar_start.3.gz              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Dist_graph_neighbors.3.gz      openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Ireduce.3.gz                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_free.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Ineighbor_allgatherv.3.gz      openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_T_finalize.3.gz                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPIX_Gather_init.3.gz              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_get_info.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_fence.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Op_commutative.3.gz            openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Ineighbor_allgather.3.gz       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_call_errhandler.3.gz      openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPIX_Neighbor_alltoall_init.3.gz   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_set_size.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Get_count.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_unlock_all.3.gz            openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Get_address.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPIX_Reduce_init.3.gz              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_create_hindexed_block.3.gz openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_iread_at.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Scatter.3.gz                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Mprobe.3.gz                    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Startall.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPIX_Query_cuda_support.3.gz       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Request_f2c.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Ialltoallv.3.gz                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_iwrite_all.3.gz           openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Op_create.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Isend.3.gz                     openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Reduce_local.3.gz              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Group_f2c.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Neighbor_alltoall.3.gz         openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_create_f90_real.3.gz      openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_lb.3.gz                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_remote_group.3.gz         openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Dims_create.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Iscatterv.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Waitall.3.gz                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Status_set_elements.3.gz       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Attr_get.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Rsend_init.3.gz                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_T_enum_get_info.3.gz           openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_match_size.3.gz           openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_create.3.gz                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_indexed.3.gz              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_set_attr.3.gz              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Ssend.3.gz                     openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Get_elements.3.gz              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Status_c2f.3.gz                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_size.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPIX_Scatterv_init.3.gz            openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_test.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Fetch_and_op.3.gz              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_delete_attr.3.gz           openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_read_all.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Group_compare.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Group_rank.3.gz                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Send_init.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_create_f90_complex.3.gz   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Wtime.3.gz                     openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_free.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Send.3.gz                      openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Info_f2c.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Recv.3.gz                      openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_iread_at_all.3.gz         openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Add_error_code.3.gz            openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Iprobe.3.gz                    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Init.3.gz                      openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_T_pvar_handle_alloc.3.gz       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_T_pvar_readreset.3.gz          openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_T_pvar_write.3.gz              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Test_cancelled.3.gz            openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_create_subarray.3.gz      openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Get_version.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_sync.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Aint_add.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Message_c2f.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_create_darray.3.gz        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Improbe.3.gz                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_create_resized.3.gz       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_get_attr.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_set_name.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_read_ordered_begin.3.gz   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Group_excl.3.gz                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_T_category_get_categories.3.gz openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Accumulate.3.gz                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_sync.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Info_get.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_get_position_shared.3.gz  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_create.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_flush_local_all.3.gz       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_read_at_all.3.gz          openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_set_info.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Alltoall.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Ibcast.3.gz                    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Get_accumulate.3.gz            openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Buffer_detach.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Pack_external_size.3.gz        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Allgather.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_preallocate.3.gz          openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Group_union.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPIX_Allgather_init.3.gz           openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_f2c.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Unpack.3.gz                    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Lookup_name.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Pack.3.gz                      openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Group_intersection.3.gz        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Request_get_status.3.gz        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_T_pvar_get_num.3.gz            openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Reduce_scatter_block.3.gz      openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_read_at_all_begin.3.gz    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_commit.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_T_pvar_reset.3.gz              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_T_cvar_handle_alloc.3.gz       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Pcontrol.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_get_attr.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_get_parent.3.gz           openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_create_keyval.3.gz        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_get_info.3.gz              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Iscan.3.gz                     openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Grequest_complete.3.gz         openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_write_ordered_end.3.gz    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_contiguous.3.gz           openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Ireduce_scatter.3.gz           openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_get_group.3.gz            openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Errhandler_free.3.gz           openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_free_keyval.3.gz          openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_get_attr.3.gz              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_get_info.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_T_pvar_get_info.3.gz           openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_dup.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_c2f.3.gz                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Gather.3.gz                    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_f2c.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_read.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Register_datarep.3.gz          openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Cartdim_get.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_lock_all.3.gz              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Publish_name.3.gz              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_post.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_set_attr.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_get_byte_offset.3.gz      openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Wtick.3.gz                     openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_write_at_all_end.3.gz     openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Testsome.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Initialized.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Rget.3.gz                      openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Status_f2c.3.gz                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/OMPI_Affinity_str.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Info_c2f.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_get_true_extent_x.3.gz    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Alltoallv.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_vector.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_set_atomicity.3.gz        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_write_ordered.3.gz        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Issend.3.gz                    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Ibarrier.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Error_class.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Info_dup.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Get.3.gz                       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_accept.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_create_errhandler.3.gz    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_idup.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_iwrite_at_all.3.gz        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_get_errhandler.3.gz       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_write_at_all_begin.3.gz   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_split_type.3.gz           openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_c2f.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_free_keyval.3.gz           openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Allgatherv.3.gz                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_set_name.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Bcast.3.gz                     openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Info_get_nkeys.3.gz            openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_get_atomicity.3.gz        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_T_category_get_num.3.gz        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_get_errhandler.3.gz       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Info_set.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Intercomm_merge.3.gz           openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Graph_create.3.gz              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_set_info.3.gz              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_get_contents.3.gz         openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Barrier.3.gz                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_get_name.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Info_get_nthkey.3.gz           openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_T_pvar_session_create.3.gz     openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Errhandler_create.3.gz         openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_read_ordered.3.gz         openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Reduce_scatter.3.gz            openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Mrecv.3.gz                     openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_call_errhandler.3.gz      openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_test_inter.3.gz           openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Get_processor_name.3.gz        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Abort.3.gz                     openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Info_create.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_free_keyval.3.gz          openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Address.3.gz                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Aint_diff.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Sizeof.3.gz                    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Op_f2c.3.gz                    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_write_at.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_allocate.3.gz              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Cart_get.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Put.3.gz                       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Iallgatherv.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Op_c2f.3.gz                    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Neighbor_allgatherv.3.gz       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_flush_all.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPIX_Neighbor_alltoallw_init.3.gz  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Rput.3.gz                      openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Error_string.3.gz              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Info_env.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_spawn.3.gz                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_hindexed.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_write_ordered_begin.3.gz  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Ibsend.3.gz                    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Scatterv.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_iread_shared.3.gz         openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Ineighbor_alltoallv.3.gz       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_T_category_changed.3.gz        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_get_view.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_write_shared.3.gz         openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_get_extent_x.3.gz         openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Group_translate_ranks.3.gz     openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Dist_graph_create_adjacent.3.gz openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_delete.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_get_envelope.3.gz         openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Attr_delete.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_open.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Close_port.3.gz                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Ireduce_scatter_block.3.gz     openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Init_thread.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Group_c2f.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_f2c.3.gz                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_set_errhandler.3.gz        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_get_position.3.gz         openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_unlock.3.gz                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Info_get_valuelen.3.gz         openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_read_at_all_end.3.gz      openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_create_struct.3.gz        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_T_enum_get_item.3.gz           openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_set_errhandler.3.gz       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Ialltoall.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_dup.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_lock.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Ineighbor_alltoallw.3.gz       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Rget_accumulate.3.gz           openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Testall.3.gz                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Graph_map.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Status_set_elements_x.3.gz     openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Free_mem.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPIX_Reduce_scatter_init.3.gz      openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPIX_Barrier_init.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_seek.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Ssend_init.3.gz                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_start.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Graph_get.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_connect.3.gz              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_close.3.gz                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Gatherv.3.gz                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Graph_neighbors.3.gz           openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Buffer_attach.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_struct.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Dist_graph_neighbors_count.3.gz openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_T_category_get_info.3.gz       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_set_name.3.gz              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Igatherv.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Cancel.3.gz                    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_set_attr.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_dup_with_info.3.gz        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Dist_graph_create.3.gz         openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_free.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_detach.3.gz                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Wait.3.gz                      openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Ialltoallw.3.gz                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_write_all_begin.3.gz      openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Attr_put.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Win_call_errhandler.3.gz       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_spawn_multiple.3.gz       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Exscan.3.gz                    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_get_size.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Iallreduce.3.gz                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Info_delete.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Ineighbor_alltoall.3.gz        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Group_free.3.gz                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Group_range_excl.3.gz          openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Graph_neighbors_count.3.gz     openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_delete_attr.3.gz          openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_get_name.3.gz             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Finalize.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_create_indexed_block.3.gz openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_T_pvar_read.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_iwrite_shared.3.gz        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Alloc_mem.3.gz                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Comm_group.3.gz                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Iexscan.3.gz                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Waitsome.3.gz                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_File_iwrite_at.3.gz            openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Get_library_version.3.gz       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Cart_coords.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Neighbor_alltoallv.3.gz        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_T_pvar_handle_free.3.gz        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPIX_Alltoall_init.3.gz            openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Type_extent.3.gz               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/MPI_Request_free.3.gz              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man7/orte_filem.7.gz                    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man7/orte_hosts.7.gz                    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man7/opal_crs.7.gz                      openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man7/orte_snapc.7.gz                    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man7/ompi_crcp.7.gz                     openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man7/orte_sstore.7.gz                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/openmpi/LICENSE                         openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-mpi-pml-ob1.txt                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-ras-base.txt                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/mpifort-wrapper-data.txt            openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-orterun.txt                    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-mpool-base.txt                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-opal-crs-none.txt              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-errmgr-base.txt                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/openmpi-valgrind.supp               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-opal-util.txt                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-pmix-pmix3x.txt                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-orte-rmaps-resilient.txt       openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-orte-rtc-hwloc.txt             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-btl-vader.txt                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-mpi-btl-tcp.txt                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-oob-tcp.txt                    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-orte-rtc-base.txt              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-ras-simulator.txt              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-mca-var.txt                    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-mpi-btl-sm.txt                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-orte-odls-base.txt             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-oob-base.txt                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-coll-sync.txt                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/mpicc-wrapper-data.txt              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/mpif90-wrapper-data.txt             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-orte-snapc-base.txt            openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-orte-rmaps-seq.txt             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-opal_info.txt                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-plm-slurm.txt                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-dash-host.txt                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-orte-odls-default.txt          openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-orte-rmaps-ppr.txt             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/ortecc-wrapper-data.txt             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-orte-rmaps-base.txt            openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-opal-wrapper.txt               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-plm-rsh.txt                    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-hostfile.txt                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-mpi-api.txt                    openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-rmaps_rank_file.txt            openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-mca-hook-base.txt              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-orte-runtime.txt               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/amca-param-sets/example.conf        openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-plm-base.txt                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-orte-clean.txt                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/mpic++-wrapper-data.txt             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/mpif77-wrapper-data.txt             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-opal-shmem-sysv.txt            openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-orte-filem-raw.txt             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-mca-bml-r2.txt                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-ras-slurm.txt                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-orte-rmaps-rr.txt              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-opal-hwloc-base.txt            openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-orte-server.txt                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-mpi-coll-sm.txt                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-mca-coll-base.txt              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-opal-shmem-mmap.txt            openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-mpi-btl-base.txt               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-mpi-common-sm.txt              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-pmix-base.txt                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/mpicxx-wrapper-data.txt             openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-opal-runtime.txt               openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-orte-info.txt                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-regex.txt                      openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/mpiCC-wrapper-data.txt              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-mca-base.txt                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-opal-timer-linux.txt           openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-orte-rmaps-md.txt              openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-orted.txt                      openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-ess-base.txt                   openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-state-base.txt                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-mpi-errors.txt                 openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-osc-pt2pt.txt                  openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-mpi-runtime.txt                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openmpi/help-rcache-base.txt                openmpi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/openscad                                      openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/openscad/LICENSE                        openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example007.dxf        openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example012.scad       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example001.scad       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example007.scad       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example016.stl        openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example013.scad       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example021.scad       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example008.scad       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example022.scad       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example009.dxf        openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example002.scad       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example012.stl        openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example019.scad       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example004.scad       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example017.scad       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example005.scad       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example020.scad       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example023.scad       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example009.scad       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example016.scad       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example006.scad       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example018.scad       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example013.dxf        openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example011.scad       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example010.dat        openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example024.scad       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example015.scad       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example008.dxf        openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example010.scad       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example003.scad       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Old/example014.scad       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Basics/rotate_extrude.scad openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Basics/logo_and_text.scad openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Basics/projection.scad    openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Basics/CSG.scad           openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Basics/text_on_cube.scad  openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Basics/linear_extrude.scad openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Basics/CSG-modules.scad   openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Basics/LetterBlock.scad   openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Basics/projection.stl     openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Basics/logo.scad          openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Functions/echo.scad       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Functions/list_comprehensions.scad openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Functions/functions.scad  openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Functions/recursion.scad  openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Functions/polygon_areas.scad openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/examples.json             openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/COPYING-CC0.txt           openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Parametric/candleStand.scad openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Parametric/candleStand.json openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Parametric/sign.scad      openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Parametric/sign.json      openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Advanced/module_recursion.scad openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Advanced/surface_image.png openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Advanced/assert.scad      openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Advanced/animation.scad   openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Advanced/surface_image.scad openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Advanced/offset.scad      openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Advanced/children_indexed.scad openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Advanced/children.scad    openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/examples/Advanced/GEB.scad         openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/layouts.scad        openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/unregular_shapes.scad openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/units.scad          openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/involute_gears.scad openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/fonts.scad          openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/teardrop.scad       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/test_docs.py        openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/curves.scad         openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/2Dshapes.scad       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/bearing.scad        openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/gridbeam.scad       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/motors.scad         openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/nuts_and_bolts.scad openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/materials.scad      openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/TODO                openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/openscad_testing.py openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/trochoids.scad      openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/openscad_utils.py   openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/shapes.scad         openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/libtriangles.scad   openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/triangles.scad      openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/lgpl-2.1.txt        openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/math.scad           openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/screw.scad          openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/constants.scad      openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/bitmap/height_map.scad openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/bitmap/name_tag.scad openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/bitmap/bitmap.scad  openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/bitmap/letter_necklace.scad openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/bitmap/README       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/bitmap/alphabet_block.scad openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/lego_compatibility.scad openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/test_mcad.py        openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/servos.scad         openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/metric_fastners.scad openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/multiply.scad       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/README.markdown     openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/transformations.scad openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/gears.scad          openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/utilities.scad      openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/regular_shapes.scad openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/polyholes.scad      openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/boxes.scad          openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/__init__.py         openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/3d_triangle.scad    openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/hardware.scad       openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openscad/libraries/MCAD/stepper.scad        openscad
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/osmupdate                                     osmctools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/osmconvert                                    osmctools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/osmfilter                                     osmctools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/osmctools/LICENSE                       osmctools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/pacman                                        pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/pacmanedit                                    pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacman/Levels/level04.dat                   pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacman/Levels/level06.dat                   pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacman/Levels/level02.dat                   pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacman/Levels/level07.dat                   pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacman/Levels/level08.dat                   pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacman/Levels/level05.dat                   pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacman/Levels/level09.dat                   pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacman/Levels/README                        pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacman/Levels/level03.dat                   pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacman/Levels/level01.dat                   pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacman/Levels/template.dat                  pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/pacmanedit.1.gz                    pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man6/pacman.6.gz                        pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/pacman4console/LICENSE                  pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/geodesic.h                                proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/proj_experimental.h                       proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/proj_api.h                                proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/proj_json_streaming_writer.hpp            proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/proj_constants.h                          proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/proj.h                                    proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/proj/io.hpp                               proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/proj/coordinatesystem.hpp                 proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/proj/util.hpp                             proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/proj/nn.hpp                               proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/proj/crs.hpp                              proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/proj/coordinateoperation.hpp              proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/proj/datum.hpp                            proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/proj/common.hpp                           proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/proj/metadata.hpp                         proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libproj.so                                    proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/proj4/proj4-namespace-targets-minsizerel.cmake proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/proj4/proj4-config-version.cmake        proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/proj4/proj4-config.cmake                proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/proj4/proj4-namespace-targets.cmake     proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/proj4/proj4-targets-minsizerel.cmake    proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/proj4/proj4-targets.cmake               proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/projinfo                                      proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/geod                                          proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/cs2cs                                         proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/cct                                           proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gie                                           proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/proj                                          proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/cct.1.gz                           proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/gie.1.gz                           proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/cs2cs.1.gz                         proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/proj.1.gz                          proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/projinfo.1.gz                      proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/geod.1.gz                          proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/pj_init.3.gz                       proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/geodesic.3.gz                      proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/proj/LICENSE                            proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/proj/nad83                                  proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/proj/GL27                                   proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/proj/ITRF2008                               proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/proj/null                                   proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/proj/nad27                                  proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/proj/ITRF2014                               proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/proj/world                                  proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/proj/proj.db                                proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/proj/ITRF2000                               proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/proj/other.extra                            proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/proj/CH                                     proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/proj/nad.lst                                proj
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ttysolitaire                                  tty-solitaire
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/tty-solitaire/LICENSE                   tty-solitaire
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tetris                                        vitetris
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pixmaps/vitetris.xpm                        vitetris
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/applications/vitetris.desktop               vitetris
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/vitetris/LICENSE                        vitetris
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/vitetris/licence.txt                    vitetris
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/vitetris/README                         vitetris
