data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/angband                                       angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/angband/LICENSE                         angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/list.txt                      angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/old/xtra-xxx.prf              angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/old/graf-xxx.prf              angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/old/flvr-xxx.prf              angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/old/8x8.png                   angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/nomad/8x16.png                angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/nomad/graf-nmd.prf            angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/nomad/xtra-nmd.prf            angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/nomad/flvr-nmd.prf            angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/gervais/flvr-dvg.prf          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/gervais/xtra-dvg.prf          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/gervais/graf-dvg.prf          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/gervais/32x32.png             angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/adam-bolt/16x16.png           angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/adam-bolt/xtra-new.prf        angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/adam-bolt/graf-new.prf        angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/adam-bolt/flvr-new.prf        angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/shockbolt/graf-shb.prf        angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/shockbolt/64x64.png           angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/shockbolt/xtra-shb.prf        angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/tiles/shockbolt/flvr-shb.prf        angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/user/info/dummy.txt                 angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/user/info/user.hlp                  angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/help/symbols.txt                    angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/help/commands.txt                   angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/help/index.txt                      angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/screens/news.txt                    angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/screens/dead.txt                    angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/screens/crown.txt                   angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/customize/font-gcu.prf      angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/customize/font-win.prf      angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/customize/pref.prf          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/customize/message.prf       angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/customize/user.prf          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/customize/font-x11.prf      angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/customize/font.prf          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/customize/sound.prf         angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/customize/keys-gcu.prf      angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/customize/font-sdl.prf      angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/trap.txt           angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/flavor.txt         angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/terrain.txt        angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/pain.txt           angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/store.txt          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/curse.txt          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/player_timed.txt   angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/object.txt         angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/names.txt          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/slay.txt           angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/summon.txt         angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/p_race.txt         angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/blow_effects.txt   angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/monster_spell.txt  angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/vault.txt          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/object_property.txt angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/hints.txt          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/shape.txt          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/brand.txt          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/class.txt          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/dungeon_profile.txt angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/body.txt           angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/history.txt        angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/blow_methods.txt   angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/quest.txt          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/ego_item.txt       angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/activation.txt     angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/monster_base.txt   angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/monster.txt        angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/room_template.txt  angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/world.txt          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/object_base.txt    angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/projection.txt     angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/artifact.txt       angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/constants.txt      angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/pit.txt            angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/angband/angband/gamedata/realm.txt          angband
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/var/games/bastet.scores2                          bastet
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/bastet                                        bastet
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man6/bastet.6.gz                        bastet
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/bastet/LICENSE                          bastet
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/bastet                                        bastet
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/bastet/LICENSE                          bastet
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man6/bastet.6.gz                        bastet
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/var/games/bastet.scores2                          bastet
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/brogue                                        brogue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/brogue/LICENSE                          brogue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/phear                                         cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/cavez-of-phear/LICENSE                  cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/phear/data/tdesc                            cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/phear/data/spgraf                           cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/phear/data/levels/11                        cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/phear/data/levels/09                        cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/phear/data/levels/03                        cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/phear/data/levels/10                        cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/phear/data/levels/06                        cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/phear/data/levels/04                        cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/phear/data/levels/08                        cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/phear/data/levels/02                        cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/phear/data/levels/01                        cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/phear/data/levels/05                        cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/phear/data/levels/07                        cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/phear/data/htext                            cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/phear/data/gover                            cavez-of-phear
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/curseofwar                                    curseofwar
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man6/curseofwar.6.gz                    curseofwar
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/curseofwar/LICENSE                      curseofwar
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/man/man6/dopewars.6                               dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/var/dopewars.sco                                  dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/dopewars                                      dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pixmaps/dopewars-shot.png                   dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pixmaps/dopewars-pill.png                   dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pixmaps/dopewars-weed.png                   dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/dopewars/train.wav                          dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/dopewars/murmur.wav                         dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/dopewars/punch.wav                          dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/dopewars/losebitch.wav                      dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/dopewars/message.wav                        dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/dopewars/jet.wav                            dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/dopewars/run.wav                            dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/dopewars/shotdown.wav                       dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/dopewars/bye.wav                            dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/dopewars/colt.wav                           dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/dopewars/gun.wav                            dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/dopewars/die.wav                            dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/dopewars/LICENSE                        dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/dopewars-1.5.12/windows.html            dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/dopewars-1.5.12/server.html             dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/dopewars-1.5.12/index.html              dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/dopewars-1.5.12/installation.html       dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/dopewars-1.5.12/protocol.html           dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/dopewars-1.5.12/servercommands.html     dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/dopewars-1.5.12/contribute.html         dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/dopewars-1.5.12/commandline.html        dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/dopewars-1.5.12/example-igneous         dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/dopewars-1.5.12/aiplayer.html           dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/dopewars-1.5.12/help/server.html        dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/dopewars-1.5.12/help/sounds.html        dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/dopewars-1.5.12/help/drugs.html         dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/dopewars-1.5.12/help/general.html       dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/dopewars-1.5.12/help/cops.html          dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/dopewars-1.5.12/help/guns.html          dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/dopewars-1.5.12/help/locations.html     dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/dopewars-1.5.12/metaserver.html         dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/dopewars-1.5.12/i18n.html               dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/dopewars-1.5.12/clientplay.html         dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/dopewars-1.5.12/credits.html            dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/dopewars-1.5.12/LICENCE                 dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/dopewars-1.5.12/configfile.html         dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/dopewars-1.5.12/example-cfg             dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/dopewars-1.5.12/developer.html          dopewars
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/zgames                                        frotz
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/frotz                                         frotz
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man6/frotz.6.gz                         frotz
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/frotz/LICENSE                           frotz
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/glulxe                                        glulxe
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/glulxe/LICENSE                          glulxe
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gnugo                                         gnugo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/info/gnugo.info-3                           gnugo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/info/gnugo.info-2                           gnugo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/info/gnugo.info                             gnugo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/info/gnugo.info-1                           gnugo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man6/gnugo.6.gz                         gnugo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gnugo/LICENSE                           gnugo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gnushogi                                      gnushogi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man6/gnushogi.6.gz                      gnushogi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gnushogi/LICENSE                        gnushogi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/games/moria/rl_help_wizard.txt                moria
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/games/moria/rl_help.txt                       moria
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/games/moria/splash.txt                        moria
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/games/moria/help_wizard.txt                   moria
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/games/moria/death_royal.txt                   moria
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/games/moria/versions.txt                      moria
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/games/moria/welcome.txt                       moria
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/games/moria/help.txt                          moria
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/games/moria/scores.dat                        moria
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/games/moria/death_tomb.txt                    moria
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/moria                                         moria
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/moria/faq.md                            moria
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/moria/LICENSE                           moria
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/moria/manual.md                         moria
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/nethack                                     nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/lib/nethackdir/recover                      nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/lib/nethackdir/record                       nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/lib/nethackdir/perm                         nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/lib/nethackdir/sysconf                      nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/lib/nethackdir/logfile                      nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/lib/nethackdir/nhdat                        nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/lib/nethackdir/xlogfile                     nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/lib/nethackdir/symbols                      nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/lib/nethackdir/license                      nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/lib/nethackdir/nethack                      nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/nethack                                       nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man6/nethack.6.gz                       nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/nethack/LICENSE                         nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/nInvaders                                     ninvaders
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ninvaders/LICENSE                       ninvaders
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/nsnake                                        nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pixmaps/nsnake.xpm                          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/applications/nsnake.desktop                 nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man6/nsnake.6.gz                        nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/nsnake/LICENSE                          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/retro00.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/s.nsnake                nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/retro05-2.nsnake        nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/arena02.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/horizontal-madness.nsnake nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/squares01.nsnake        nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/z.nsnake                nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/retro06.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/arena01.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/squares02.nsnake        nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/tricky-horizontal.nsnake nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/lenny.nsnake            nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/retro05.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/arena00.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/tetris.nsnake           nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/balls.nsnake            nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/retro01.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/spiral-large.nsnake     nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/diagonal-split.nsnake   nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/retro02.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/retro07.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/3-hearts.nsnake         nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/cave00.nsnake           nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/tricky.nsnake           nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/tricky-vertical.nsnake  nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/retro03.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/squares00.nsnake        nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/vertical-madness.nsnake nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/retro04.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/NSNAKE.nsnake           nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/w.nsnake                nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/nsnake.png         nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/nsnake.png         nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/nudoku                                        nudoku
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man6/nudoku.6.gz                        nudoku
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/nudoku/LICENSE                          nudoku
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/advent                                        open-adventure
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/open-adventure/LICENSE                  open-adventure
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/pacman                                        pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/pacmanedit                                    pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacman/Levels/level04.dat                   pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacman/Levels/level06.dat                   pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacman/Levels/level02.dat                   pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacman/Levels/level07.dat                   pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacman/Levels/level08.dat                   pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacman/Levels/level05.dat                   pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacman/Levels/level09.dat                   pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacman/Levels/README                        pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacman/Levels/level03.dat                   pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacman/Levels/level01.dat                   pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacman/Levels/template.dat                  pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/pacmanedit.1.gz                    pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man6/pacman.6.gz                        pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/pacman4console/LICENSE                  pacman4console
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ttysolitaire                                  tty-solitaire
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/tty-solitaire/LICENSE                   tty-solitaire
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tetris                                        vitetris
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pixmaps/vitetris.xpm                        vitetris
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/applications/vitetris.desktop               vitetris
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/vitetris/LICENSE                        vitetris
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/vitetris/licence.txt                    vitetris
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/vitetris/README                         vitetris
